I'm a person who wants a few things from a phone.
"I think that it is important to state I have never owned a smartphone prior to this purchase. I never thought it practical to own one on the premise that I'd be stuck in a contract with some lousy company and spend $130 per month (college student/part-time work). Unlocked = no contract? Hell yeah. Tech awareness level: I OWN an ASUS g75V, 12 Gb RAM, nVidia GTX 670M, it's pretty cool but that's a different story, I emphasize own because I don't want you to think that I chisel designs in rocks for fun."
"I have the Sony Xperia P a month ago. The experience is amazing.  Screen is 4"" clear and Brilliant, Excellent manufacturing, updated to Android ICS. The features that I love are the Walkman (included in the ICS update), TimeScape, TrackID, the 8 MP Camera with outstanding video recording and the console for conectivity that used with smart tags do the transition between office and my home an smooth experience."
"As for as I'm concerned,"
This is my first & last Sony phone. All my previous phones had been from Nokia and I recently jumped ship just as they got into bed with Microsoft. They weren't always the best available phones but they were well made and tough as hell (as the Nokia meme would suggest). So to say I was apprehensive when switching to a new brand would be an understatement.
"First of all do yourself a favor and enter to gsmarenadotcom or another place where you can compare phones and you will see that this phone gives you more than what you are paying for. Please compare the phone with the iphone, galaxy, htc etc."
"I bought this on a short trip to the Bay Area among other things. I was excited to have a phone that was cheap and looked great to develop some Android apps (after rooting it). But I got a big surprise when I opened the box and it was empty! It did have some cables (USB cable and power adapter) but the phone was missing. I am really sad, because as I said before I thought this phone was going to be great, but I am sure this problem will be solved thanks to Amazon's great customer support, and when that happens I will be happy to actually grade this phone based on its performance on day to day tasks."
This phone has been working well and provides all the features I need and many more that I probably won't ever use. My usage is mostly voice and text with a bit of data thrown in for good measure. I upgraded to the latest version of android at the Sony site and all went smoothly. I also installed a battery saver app. Apparently the app is working because my battery life is satisfactory. I signed up with Consumer Cellular with no contract and they sent me a SIM card for free and it arrived activated without being charged for the activation either. I slipped the SIM card into this Sony and was all set to go.
"This is a very good phone with latest features from android. When I bought this phone, i got an ICS version of android already installed (I didn't have to install ICS, it was already there as SONY promised to come out with ICS version soon). But, the only problem as we all know was the battery. I had to charge my phone every one and a half day (one charge per 35-40 hrs) which was actually not so good. But, after a recent update which came out in 12/03/12, my batter life has improved almost twice!!! Good processor, excellent display, excellent camera, excellent sound, very good battery life, latest android features with no lags for just $300? Take that haters!!! Trust me, I like my phone better after comparing with iPhone 5 which my brother bought recently. I am not exaggerating because I have this phone. I have owned a variety of phones before with different operating system like iOS, webOS and android. I think android is better among all, with iOS being second and webOS third. Definitely a 5 star after battery life improvement!"
"I was looking for a mid range phone but... without the cheap feeling, cause, being honest, we all want a superb phone to do ""anything"" but we end doing always the same basic.... calling, texting, whatsapp... facebook and other social apps... taking pics, videos and stuffs... so i didn't want to spend 600$ to end doing what i just mentioned. But i wanted a very sexy phone too... so after a lot of research, i found this one that fitted my needs and surpassed my expectations. To begin i dont like ""phones"" with huuuuuge displays, cause the are... logically... HUGE!!! To me they are unconmfortable to hold and operate... and i planned to spend 300$ tops and demonstrate that a very useful phone can cost less than 400$... and this one did it! The 4 inches screen is awesome... very sharp, very coforful, crystal clear, awesomely bright, the whites are outstanding, the blacks not so much but is really decent, good contrast at all!!! The speed is so good, even after the ICS update. Runs smooth. The overall performance is great. The camera takes very good pictures, beyond ""acceptable"". The only cons i have to say (and i don't blame the phone byt the software) is cause after updating the phone, appeared many lags and rebooting troubles, even when after 1 minute the phone gets stable again, this is a pain, but i hope the recently announced upgrade to JB fixes this bugs. I truly recommend this phone so far. If you are on a budget, go for it! Won't regret it! Now it's a little bit cheaper.. around 280$. Additional advice: Buy the Incipio Case http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008FOMTFC/ref=cm_cr_mts_prod_img :)"
"I bought this phone againt Samsung S3 Mini and it was really a good decision, camera is excellent, display is vibrant and clear, battery is good. I use this phone for a week now and I've downloaded a lot of applications and it is still running as smooth as when I bought it. Design is also excellent, the aluminum back is made very carefully and the general result is very satisfactory. If you are deciding between this smartphone and the Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini i would tell you to buy the Xperia P."
"Second week using this phone since I received it.  I am very satisfied with this phone.  Everything works without a flaw, even after ICS.  Great display, sound, and very fast.  HDMI connection to my TV is great (purchased the cheap $3 micro HDMI cable here on amazon).  No expandable memory slot but it has more than enough memory for me.  The battery cannot be removed and people complain about its poor battery life.  The battery life is amazing.  I charge it every night, but even with moderate videos and 3D gaming, by the time I charge it there is 60% or more life left.  I noticed under the phone's settings it allows NFC which allows the phone to exchange data with another phone just by touching them.  I have not had a chance to try that yet."
I choose this phone to replace my iphone 4
Waited one week to write my review.
"This phone is awesome!  It made a great first impression when it showed up.  I could not use it as a phone for a short time, because I did not have a micro sim for it.  I ordered a micro sim cutter and cut my old Straight Talk At&t; sim card.  It fit perfectly and I got immediate results.  The cool thing about this is that Straight Talk has no idea I am using this instead of my old phone.  One issue I have had so far was I couldnt figure out how to get the data to work.  It ended up being an easy fix though, cause all I had to do was modify the APN settings.  There are a lot of haters out there saying the battery life sucks, but so far it has been better than I expected.  The phone offers all kinds of options to save on battery power.  With limited use I could make a full charge last 2-3 days.  It showed up already set up with Android Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) which is also great.  I read and watched a lot of reviews on this phone and everyone was saying its a great ""middle of the road"" smartphone, but I say its right up there with at least an Iphone 4S.  The camera is exactly what I wanted, and the dual processor is really quick and smooth.  If you are looking to save money by using a no contract GSM carrier, this is a great way to go."
"I love it, its fast, very nice, cheap and quality!"
un muy bueno telefono calidad de diseño facil de usar muchas apilcaciones a un precio economico tiene todo lo que se necesita lo recomiendo
"Good phone, the best value for money; his screen is beautiful, the battery life is ok, one day with normal use."
I'm very happy so far!
Good so far. Only problem is no expandable storage. It was an easy upgrade to ICS. Very nice looking phone with a good feel. Looking for a nice case to protect it.
"Great phone, The only problem I've had is finding a good case.. it's hard to find cases for it in Venezuela; so I recomended people from VEnezuela to buy phone+case at the same time here in Amazon. Other than that It's entirely recomended!... Es un telefono excelente, el unico problema que he tenido es encontrarte un forro aqui en Venezuela, asi que les recomiendo que lo compren de una vez en Amazon. Totalmente recomendado!"
This is a pretty good phones. As of now ut has fallen at least ten times out of my hands and it looks (almost) like new. The inly drawback so far is that it is still hard to figure out. Like all other Xperia phones I have had.
"Would not suggest this phone. Purchased as a gift for my mom to replace a phone she was having trouble with - and ended up with some of the same issues. Screen is not very big - much smaller than it seems in the images. Should have looked more closely at the dimensions. Hard to work with - texting is horrid on these phones. I have a touch and sending messages is easy - these phones are awful. Does not get a good signal for phone or internet. Have to randomly turn off then on to get it to work at times. As with many phones now it is a pain to get it to charge. Have to wiggle the plug and hope it charges properly. When I first got mine and I got hers I was very impressed. Screen is beautiful - great colors, seemed to work well - but the longer we have had them the more I wish I had just bought a Google Nexus. Won't purchase another Sony phone."
"Charging usb port was loose, corners of the bottom cap has paint scratches, battery dies instantly in within 12 hours without using it"
"I like that its thin , user friendly, stylish, good picture quality. What I didnt like it that its not able to support a memory card."
Absolutely love this phone mind you though this is the first smartphone I have owned so I did a lot of research before buying one. I looked at the iphone and other smartphones and I was surprised by the quality and craftsmanship that Sony does with their phones.
"Xperia P is combination of Sony hardware design and Google android, It's reliable, and tons of app to download, Unlocked phone gives you freedom of carriers. A real bargain price for all hardware feature, like front and rear camera, metal housing, etc. Forget about price and give it a try, you will see it looks, feel, works like USD$400+ phones."
"I chose this model for the screen size, aluminum body, product reviews, and price. I wanted a mid-size unlocked phone  to replace my aging LG BL-40 (new chocolate). In comparison with my previous phone, the Xperia P is a huge improvement."
"WOW... Is exactly what I thought when I set my sights on this phone on amazon. I wanted to replace my iPhone, which I've been a loyal iPhone user for the past 3 or so years, I wanted a change. The Xperia P arrived in less than a week in the mail along with the Skinomi case I purchased along with it. I activated this phone luckily with no activation or sim card fee at my local ATT store. It took a few hours for ATT tech support over the phone to help me configure the data settings (given that I had to call them a few times just to get to an experienced tech) so that I can access the internet and what not. Unfortunately, I still cannot send or received MMS, I've tried configuring manually via googling and youtubing and through ATT tech support, still no luck."
"excelente producto... confiable el vendedor, la entrega se hizo en el tiempo estimado, aunque no vivo en los EEUU, recomiendo al vendedor"
"I bought this phone for my wife.  She loves it.  From my perspective, it is a good Android-based phone that has lived up to and exceeded expectations.  One motivation to get this phone (besides price) was that it would work with an existing SIM card and handles data using WiFi only (i.e. no need for new contract and costly cell data plan).  In all this it works like a champ! ...and no unintentional cell data charges due to hidden data features that we've run across with previous branded (locked) AT&T; phone."
"Day 1 out of the box. I'm a non-fussy cellphone user, currently have a basic phone as a back up and it works smashingly well. I've had an Xperia X10 previously, so whatever issues the Xperia P has probably is just another rehash of what the X10 has."
"I have four months to py xperia phone is excellent, the size is great, the screen is beautiful, with true colors, works great in Venezuela with Digitel and Movistar, for surfing the internet is perfect, and upgrade to android 4.0 and works best even, really is tremendous phone and am very happy with. if you want something even better than recommend the xperia xperia p S. The only thing that sometimes bothers is the battery life but that's not important considering that all smartphones market same thing happens because the screens are big and huge processors and the number of tasks that are able to do, really recommend it as a top smartphone market"
"Those evething ok. geat look, great size, great camera."
