"I just needed a simple phone for my son. I didn't want him to go to web and incrue a big bill and if he happenes to push the web button inadvertently,this phone shows a warning message. Many other phones usually just let you go to web and charge you later. So I like that a lot about this phone. It is also very simple to control the volume. I can hear him very well,too, and the batteries last very very long.It has many good ringtones. over all this is a great phone for calls and text messages."
"I got this phone for my mom who lives abroad, but needs a phone when she visits me. Prepaid phone is so convenient, this phone is so slim, and easy to use. If you are looking for the basic function of calling and texting, this is perfect."
"Long story short, my iPhone 4S got smashed, and my iPhone 5 order hasn't shipped yet.  I needed a quick, cheap phone to get me through the next week or two.  This was the cheapest phone I could find; popped my SIM card into it (it requires the larger SIM, but you can still position the tiny sim and it works) and voila, working phone.  Obviously it's basic; no camera, no internet, not even any games, but it makes calls and texts."
"This is a lovely flip phone with almost all the functionality you could ask for -- except it doesn't have bluetooth.  If you have to be hands-free (say, for driving), this phone is not the right tool."
"This phone is totally awesome.  It is excellent for text based internet, like Facebook.  I totally love the T9Eab function, such that I find it more useful and quicker to use once (once you get used to it).  So for, cell phones that have a keyboard, generally I feel that once you get used to T9Eab, you will never want to go back.  Additionally, as a bonus with this function, you can add words to the T9Eab vocabulary."
This was the perfect gift for my mom who only will need limited access to a cell phone when away from home.  Easy to read display and numbers big enough for her finger dexterity.  Good budget price.
This was purchased as a replacement phone for my  already-existing account  (my original phone was over 5 years old).
Simple and reliable. Perfect for a soldier in training and on the go. Everything I need to allow me to talk to my family on a daily basis. Great product.
"I bought this phone to be a simple, easy to use phone to replace a slider with a menu that was difficult to navigate. You don't have to use the SIM card for the prepaid plan that comes in the package. I just took the old SIM card out of the old cell phone and put it into this new phone, and that was all it took to switch the service for the old cell phone number to this phone."
"If you want a cheap pocket phone it's OK to have.  I don't call much & I put it on AT&T;'s  .10/minute plan.  You can use it for messaging & data  but ""be careful"" operating it or you'll wind up getting data & messaging."
GEE it seems simple enough............Just wish the keypad numbers were larger (the old eyes don't you know)  Also hard to understand how to get different ring tone sounds......Really lets you know how much money you have left....nice efficient little cell phone.
"This is a nice phone for anyone who is not very ""techie"" like me. I use it mainly for texting. I would recommend it to anyone who just wants a simple cell phone without all the bells and whistles.I like the pay as you go, too. No contracts to deal with."
"I recently broke the screen of my Samsung a107 go phone and decided to replace it with the newer version, the a157.  I am returning it and getting another of the older a107 because of far superior quality.  The a157 has horrible (a lot of times, nonexistent) reception and pathetic battery life.  I live in rural Alaska and need both good reception and battery life in a phone.  Today I left the house with 2 bars of battery life and 4 hours later (after the phone had done nothing but sit in my pocket) I found it had turned itself off due to low battery and I was unable to make even a quick call.  My husband also has the older a107 and when we are standing right next to each other he will have 3 bars of reception while I (with the newer a157) have none.  If you want a simple phone to rely on, especially in case of emergency, I would NOT recommend the a157.  Come on, Samsung!  In three years I would hope you could develop a phone at least as good as the old one (better would be nice!)  In short, newer is not better--do not buy this phone."
Affordable and a terrific basic phone for practical people who just want to keep in touch. ATT was also helpful setting up account.
"I bought this for ""emergency"" usage, i.e. for TELEPHONE VOICE ONLY calls. At first, I was forced to accept unwanted ""SMS Terminating"" messages, at .20 cents a charge, whether I wanted them or not. It's not a lot of money, but it is annoying, having to pay for something I did not want. On the Net, I may have found a way to block *all* TEXT messages (see my added comment). Believing that I have successfully blocked all TEXT messages, I have revised my original rating to 4 stars."
I needed a phone that didn't require a data plan. $$  I put my SIM card in it. The battery lasts days with use.
"Great cheap phone. We were looking to get rid of our land line and decided to get this cheapie cell phone to serve as the house emergency phone since our kids dont have cells. Super price, delivered quick and includes wall charger and ATT gophone SIM card. Will purchase a $100 card (which is my understanding will keep the phone active for a year). Sure beats a monthly phone bill!"
"worked out well for us, it was complete when it arrived and it is just what we were looking for.  We do not use cell phones except in and emergencies and we use little if any data.  This phone replaced a phone that is at least 12-15 years old."
Really its worth for the money. Working perfectly with my At&T; sim card. And I got a Brand new SIM card too with this.
I've had this phone for quite a while.
The same identical phone is selling at Walmart for $19.88!! The phone works great.  Used to replace broken AT&T; phone.
"I don't text or use a data plan. I refuse to pay for those things.  I just need a phone for calls.  My phone was toast and ATT tried to get me to spend a minimum of $100 to replace it.  Along came this phone, put in my old sim card and I was good to go.  Granted its cheap and looks and feels like it, but it does what I need it to do."
I bought this phone to replace my old one. My old phone would not work in front of Walmart or in it any more. I was asking my self why is every one else talking and texting and I can't even get two bars of signal. Reason my phone is so old. I get very good signal with this new phone where ever I go. I like that the phone has a larger number pad. The phone doesn't have a camera in it. I am a little disappointed. My phone came all most fully charged (30 min to charge it) You can make your own ring tones with the mp3 recorder built in the phone. You can set reminders with the built alarm clock Very use full. There's a lot of extras that I will never use.
This is not the fastest phone in the world but it gets the job done...and for $20 I can not complain.  Took me longer to open the darn plastic than to set up the phone and save my contacts (I only have 8 contacts).  Bottom line...I can text and call without issues for very little start up cost...
"I used to have a Samsung Restore through Virgin Mobile, because the plan was cheap and I could text and all that jazz. Anyway, I stopped paying for the service because the call quality suuuucked. I could only get about half of what anyone was saying."
"I activated the phone about 1 month ago, but did not put funds on it right away & went on vacation. Came back and tried to finish the activation process, only to receive network errors. Called AT&T; Customer Service & they would not let me re-activate the phone b/c they said I needed to buy a new SIM card b/c I did not put funds on the phone 1 month ago. Kind of a random experience that most other customers probably will not encounter."
"I got this go phone because my last cell phone died, and didn't want to spend a lot."
work perfectly out of the boxes.  everything i expected them to be.  works well with existing at&t; customers and accounts.
