"The description of this product clearly states that it is an unlocked phone.  However, when the phone arrived it was evident that it was locked to Verizon thus making it useless to me as I needed it for international travel.  I am disappointed in both Amazon and Lucky Electronics for cheating their customers in this fashion."
"the tittle says everything, i purchased this because it was supposed to be unlocked and is not! i am not able to use it where i am now...."
"Okay I spent my well-earned gift card my boss blessed me with on this phone...I am disappointed because I purchased this item and just received the blackberry. Apparently this blackberry was not the Blackberry I was expecting as I thought I purchased one with ""3MP Camera"" and...the one I got does NOT have a CAMERA! I am not a happy person right now,I email OEM shop hoping this was an error...I hope it is I will gladly return the phone back to their facility (standard shipping at that) in hopes they send me the correct phone with an ACTUAL 3MP CAMERA as advertised. If they feel they sent me the correct one well sadly I will need to tell them I want my refund and will take the appropriate protocol to return the item and get credited for this. I will keep you all informed on how OEM handles this."
"I write because I made a purchase of a mobile phone blackberry 9650 on January 19, 2012 reaching east to Venezuela in March, I have with the cell just three months and already it does not work! I sent an email to the seller ROSS CELLULAR and they told me that only receive returns up to 18 days after the sale and came after me 2 MONTHS!, I find it irresponsible of the seller and AMAZON for selling a product that does not work, I make my investment, I waited patiently for 2 months now the phone does not work, I would be grateful to meet my claim promptly and failing my money back or replace me by a new cell phone."
"Buenas noches, me comunico con usted porque el telefono me llego, pero me pide un codigo de liberacion como es posible que yo compre algo que diga que esta liberado y cuando llega a venezuela se presenta este problema, por favor necesito soluciones"
excellent product good definitely had some wine with perfect conditions Descricion works very wine I'm from Venezuela gsm unlocked and tested and works fine with movistar and Movilnet well with 3.2 megapixel camera charger data cable box manual cd with serious comes from the company especially recommend sprint buy blue electronics as a salesman at best are other vendors that do not meet this if .
the phone 10 days ago I arrived totally damaged restarts every time it reviewed several technical service and say it came factory damaged'm from Venezuela I would like to know how I keep from losing that $ 200 invested on this phone
I purchase this item to sent to jamaica and phone was not unlock properly.
"After I bought this product, I was not able to use internet or blackberry messenger with my local service provider CLARO in Guayaquil, Ecuador, Southamerica. Then I learned that not all blackberry phones, although being unlocked, work with all providers. In my country , CLARO (the company who provides service to the mayority) does not work with smartphones made for Verizon or Sprint. You should buy one made for AT&T.; It is a problem of compatibility, you will be able to make and receive calls, but no internet or bb messenger. Happily I bought my cell from a serious company (Orderdirect), and right now they have exchanged my phone with one I can use. Hope to receive the new one in a few days."
las especificaciones indican que el equipo trae camar y me llego uno sin camara ademas que no reconoce mi tarjeta sim la cual ya está en un blackberry
I bought this phone last month and it works perfectly...Like normal blackberry's. I was skeptical about buying it online but it was great. The seller to choose is Wireovia.. They are prompt and answers you as soon as you want to query. Buying it from my seller you get a silicone case and a hard case :)
"I did an excellent purchase about, a great phone and the best and faster shipping!"
"WASTE OF MONEY, DONT BUY IT!"
"I'm from Venezuela. I saw a few bad reviews about this phone, but when i have it on my hands, i inserted my sim card (Digitel) and everything works perfect. This product is UNLOCKED and not like some people says."
"I bought this phone as a gift for my brother in Nigeria, with the understanding that it was an unlocked phone. Unfortunately, when my brother received it, it turned to be locked on to the sprint network!!! This so NOT good . . . the listing for the phone clearly said it was an unlocked GSM phone which was what I thought I paid for!"
the phone arrives without back cover  almost complete and the phone was not new the phone was used with scratches
It tell you the phone is unlocked but its not youre gonna have to put it with verizon .They say its just unlocked wronggggggggggggggg it a verizon phone and the phone is gonna tell you activation requiered and unless your have verizon sim card you cannt use it
"bought a unlocked phone,the phone i received was locked to verizon had to pay $20 dollars to have it unlocked."
"add the phone to my cart to buy and last 10 minutes the price rose almost $ 30, I'm from Venezuela and the premium can not quite buy it. and buy one in February of this year. please put me down the price to 250 to bid at this moment"
"It's a great phone unless you compare it to iPhone... I loved it for a while mainly for business purposes like fast e-mail and messaging. The other features like camera, calendar and etc were rather difficult to use, not as easy. Then also it would crash ones in a while when I start one or the other application... It has its pluses like the beautiful sleek design and the screen, but it also has lots of minuses as well. Needles to say, I have switched to an iPhone. I am super happy now. Never even knew - what the heck took me so long, should have done it sooner. But I know there are some Blackberry lovers out there. This phone performs well up to the point you start comparing it to the iPhone..."
"Blackberry 9650 Bold Unlocked GSM Smartphone with 3 MP Camera, Bluetooth, 3G, Wi-Fi, and MicroSd Slot (charcoal) by BlackBerry RIM"
"I love this phone. I am not a fan of touch screen phones, but I did want a smart phone. The Blackberry Bold is the perfect mix. It has a touch pad (kind of like a laptop) instead of the dreaded touch screen. This is my first Blackberry and I am surprised how fast it is. I had read a lot of bad reviews about Blackberry,that it had a short battery life, constant freezing and other gripes. Yes, the phone has a short battery life if you are on it 24/7 (but what would you expect with a smart phone) If you use it moderately it will last much longer. I do have to charge it every night, but that is the price of technology. I have experienced some freezing but my computer does that too, so it is not a big deal. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants to break away from the touch screens."
"Es increible como puede jugarse con la buena fe del comprador. Estos vagabundos deueños de OEM SHOP realmente llegaron al limite delictual. Oferta engañosa: nunca dicen que los telefonos no son nuevos, comoi en efecto NO LO SON. Ofrecen un telefono con camara de  3 Mpx y NO TRAE CAMARA. Ofertan un producto ""nuevo"" y no viene en la caja original de BLACKBERRY, y de paso no esta desbloqueado. Tomare als acciones legales pertinentes en USA. Exijo de Amazon, empresa intermediaria y portal de compras la colaboracion necesaria para la devolucion inmediata del dinero pagado pro esta basura que me han enviado. Asi mismo agradezco me hagan llegar via email, los pasos necesarios para la devolucion inmediata de esta mercancia en virtud de sentirme estafada."
"This is the second Blackberry phone owned and my husband uses it for business.  He mocks my iPhone and swears by this Blackberry.  If you are looking for a more business oriented phone, this one leads the pack."
Adding another review to point out that this is a locked phone and not an unlocked device. Maybe the seller doesn't understand the difference?
"THE PHONE IS NOT WORKING AT ALL ,EVEN WITH SIM CARD"
Very good product excellent 100% good quality came in good condition always try to qualify according to the purchasing conditions
"The description of this product clearly states that it is an unlocked phone. However, when the phone arrived it was evident that it was locked to Verizon thus making it useless to me as I needed it for international travel. I am disappointed in both Amazon and Lucky Electronics for cheating their customers in this fashion."
good afternoon;
"According to the conditions indicated in the publication of this article was saying that everything was working well, to receive this, I saw that the camera does not work, the wifi with many difficulty to conect, and none of this appeared in the description, just scratches and scuffs. I can not return it to be in another country. Do not know how I can get compensation for this article acquired under these conditions. Could someone tell me?"
"First came with Verizon logo, it's ok but then when SIM card was inserted asked mne for the Verizon unlocking code ???? So I have to go and pay extra to unlock it because was not. Flash form camera is not working at all. No advisable to buy to this provider, not Amazon standards that we like"
"I bought this internationally unlocked cell phone, took to get set up and was told that i cant get data because its a verizon phone. I was very disappointed to hear that after spending so much money on it.  what is the use of a blackberry without data?  the seller did not specify that it was a verizon and that i would have such a problem.  now i have a useless phone."
"Junk..says its unlocked and can use with att but you can't no matter how many codes you put in it...my sin was disappointed, never buy from them again"
"My disgust is why I bought this cel came according to 3G and is that for any of the operators for 3G Works Venezuela, besides the two teams are used pedi and I came again and also a bad battery, Too bad Sellers are, do not come back to buy."
"I ordered this phone a couple months ago to ship to my relative internationally, and they told me it wouldn't work. They sent it back to me for to assets the problem, and they were right the phone was not unlocked, and only works with Verizon. From what I can see I am not the only person who also have been conned. I would like Amazon to investigate this, and even not allow sellers to sell products with false information."
"Good night. I write to inform of my disappointment on receiving my Blackberry 9650 that i bought in Amazon a few weeks ago in your store, it never take the phone battery charge!!!! I Spent money on your store thinking everything would be fine and it was not!!!"
"The cellphone is very bad, is not working properly"
"the product was delivered on time and it was unlocked as was said in the title. i got a charger, usb, phone, battery, holster, manuals, CD and power adapters. The phone was also brand new."
"I ask for an unlock BB yes , i did got one , but was unable to use right away with out the aid of  on unlocking phone store , i was not able to put my Sim card in and use it with any other phone other phone company. i was not not in form it was a sprint BB that need the activation removed. even removed i still could not use the BB . i add to pay additional cost to get it ready to international and local phone call. got two BB 9650 from this company and i was looking to order my  kindle from amazon but  i am  reconsidering using amazon for technology buying, as  much as i wish to use it easy of shopping"
"I got the two phones on time, and they are the exact phones that I ordered.  I had a small problem with one of the phones. I ordered two unlocked phones, but one of them was not properly unlocked. The keyboard was still locked when I got it, so I had to pay an extra fee to get it unlocked properly."
