"Conceived from its sleek, glossy 10"" counterpart, the new iPad Mini boasts one gigantic new trait over the full-sized iPad: the ability to hold it in one hand. This almost revolutionary twist on the device that sparked a frenzy in the tablet world has finally brought joy to those that have held out hope of such higher portability in an iPad for so long. But does the iPad Mini live up to the hype?  Absolutely."
"I'm an avid reader and a writer who has tried every portable device under the sun. Smart phones (even the large ones) are too small to read comfortably or to type; laptops simply are not portable enough due to short battery lives; and other tablets were uncomfortably large for me (I've got small hands.) I've tried taking notes directly on screens with a stylus; I've tried Bluetooth keyboards; and I've tried typing directly on screens. Everything was either too large or too small. Other, similarly-sized tablets tend to lag, or the battery life is very poor."
"The perfect tablet is not out there and seems to be one model ahead, as technology evolves."
The product itself is fantastic and my stars are based on the product being a great deal and a great device.
"I was hesitant to purchase the ipad mini from a dealer because there were only stock pics and limited description but I'm very happy I took the chance. First, I contacted the seller to ask a question and they replied the same day with an answer so 5 stars for communication. Second, the product arrived in it's original box with the serial number of the device matching the packaging, this exceeded my expectation. Accessories were neatly stowed as if they had never been used. I could find no blemishes on the ipad mini, it looked like new. I took it by my local Apple store to have them check it out and they confirmed that it was like new. They were also able to look it up and tell me when it was originally purchased (Nov) and they registered it to me."
"I was a bit hesitant to spend $300+ on a non-HD tablet, seeing as the Nexus 7 is only $199, but I'm very glad that I did. I am by no means an apple fanatic, I traded my iPhone 4 for a Galaxy Nexus and never looked back. However, the tablet ecosystem is much different than smartphones right now. I find myself using the iPad mini almost always over my phone now, aside from texting and calling. Here's my list of pros and cons:"
""
This is a very non-technical review -- the newest version of the iPad rocks with its portability. This iPad mini easily slips into a purse or jacket pocket making it easy to carry around for either a female or male. You get all of the perks of the regular iPad with the extra benefit of being able to carry it around with you everywhere. Simply amazing!
love it and paid $329.00 plus tax = 348.74 from the Apple store! ITS A awesome product for sure i have all apple products as well  only way to go  thanks
"Man this is an amazing product. Its better than the iPad, I would say. It's much easier to handle because it is not as bulky as the iPad. I feel that I don't even need a laptop anymore. With all the apps out there, I don't think we will be needing laptops pretty soon. This product makes your life easy. Hands down!"
Great product!!!
ABOUT THIS REVIEWER
"Whether this is your first iPad or a replacement to an aging iPad, then you should consider the good, bad and the ugly before adding to your cart. I replaced a 32GB 1G iPad with a 32GB wi-fi mini. So, of course, the mini adds some features right off the bat that make it a major improvement over the 1G, but most importantly, this device travels with me more often than my previous iPad ever did."
I like this particularly as a new elderly  user.  The larger ones were not easy to carry around in my purse.
"Being an android user for the past four years I was skeptical at just how much I would like an apple tablet, but I have seen the light. I finally bit the bullet and now have my first apple tablet and could kick myself for not doing it sooner. I wear three professional hats as an actor, producer, and business owner and the iPad has apps not found on the Android market that have immensely increased my productivity in all three. Also, the iPad makes entertainment SO much easier managing everything through iTunes. If you aren't sure whether to go with an Android tablet or Apple trust me I've now had both and can tell you won't regret going with the iPad. That is just my opinion."
""
"My husband bought this for me when it first came out because I own most things Apple. Despite my being a huge Apple fan, I wasn't sure I'd put this to good use. In the past month I've really come to love this thing."
The iPad mini is just perfect! I'm in love with the size and design of Apple's new version of the iPad.
"I won't go in detail of the specs, there's plenty out there, so I'll just keep it in simple terms. This will be probably considered biased, being that I have way too many Apple products to count (iMacs, macbooks, mac mini, iphones, ipods, ipads etc..) so if you're not a fan of the truly brilliant company that is Apple, then you probably don't want to read this review."
I loved my iPad Mini as soon as I got it for XMas and I had to purchase one for my husband. Now we are both avid users of the iPad mini!
What a great toy . I still am trying to figure out how to work the many features. Love to Skype my grandkids and watch old movies on Netflix. Have not figured out how to download my video documentaries. The movie camera feature is a real blast. This might be the gadget made for us old folks. I bought the mini ipad hoping to find a replacement for my old Zune. It is on the road to extinction as I am and I wanted a device to store my library of video documentaries. I would watch these videos while waiting on my wife while visiting her many doctors. I bought a Kindle Fire but it did not have the capacity for storage. It looks like the Mini ipad will fill the bill. I would like to watch movies from Netflix and Amazon but the doctors' offices are not rigged up for waiting spouses' comfort as yet. As soon as I can figure out how to configure the format for my videos for the mini ipad I will be really happy with my purchase.
"I was on the fence with purchasing the iPad mini and am so glad I did. When the original iPad came out I purchased it, but later sold it because with having both an iPhone & a MacBook, I couldn't justify having another portable device - but the mini changes this. I absolutely love this smaller design, it is so much lighter & fits in one hand so it is so much easier & enjoyable to use and the way the edges are curved it just fits perfect in the hand. All of the full sized iPads (especially the latest Retina generation) are beautiful & wonderful, but if you're looking for something that's more comfortable in the hand where you don't have to constantly hold it with two hands or rest it against your legs because of the size & weight, the mini is your best bet. I now find that I use my iPad mini ALL THE TIME because it feels so right in my hands. Plus, since it's smaller it's much easier for me to slip in my purse & carry on the go."
i loved it! light as a kindle but with all the functionality of iPad 2. surprised becausei thought this was just a quick way to sell more tablet but there is a good use for this smaller form factor.
"Love the mini.  Does everything it's bigger siblings can do, and a lot more conveniently.  Almost wish you could make calls with it!"
""
"I bought this product at the apple store the day it was released, and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND buying this product from apple, that is if you want to save money. Otherwise there is no point in buying this product from amazon unless you are one of those people that wants to spend an extra 80 bucks. From the apple store, the 16 gig iPad mini is 330$, while the same product sells for 417$ on amazon."
"Three words: wonderful, wonderful. wonderful. I already own an Ipad 2 and wanted a smaller screen for traveling, bedside etc. So, I thought I'd enter the Android world and purchased a Samsung Galaxy tab 2. The 8gb available is not nearly sufficient and the micro SD slot will not allow you to transfer apps or rented/ purchased tv and movies because of copyright issues. So, what is the point of expandable memory?? Returned it and bought the Google Nexus 7. This is a nice tablet but I was frequently charging the battery and the 7"" size looked small to me. Thank goodness I purchased it at a retailer where I had 15 days to return. I visited an Apple store and happened to look at the Ipad minis. I could not wait to return the nexus and I bought the mini. Sure, more money, but you get what you pay for. These tablets are so smooth, and display none of ""hesitation"" while scrolling that the Android tablets do. The color and contrast are far superior to the android tablets and the 7.9 inch screen looks huge next to the 7"" Android screens. BUY IT! You'll love the Ipad mini."
"The apple iPad mini is great. After having an ipad for a year, I love the size of the iPad mini. Small enough to throw in my purse, but big enough to be able to read the print."
"I'm much more impressed than I thought I would be with the new iPad mini.  For comparison purposes I currently use my Nexus 7 tablet, Acer Iconia A500 tablet, Kindle tough and HTC One X. I'm not going to nitpick hardware specs.  Sure the screen isn't IPS but I don't see the big difference unless I have two devices side-by-side.  In actual use,  they all have fantastic screens."
"This is an amazing tablet/computer. It's so light and the thinnest tablet I've ever seen. 7.9 inches may seem small on your computer screen, but it's actually a decent size. And light and small enough to hold in only one hand. It's perfect for typing papers with Pages. But I do recommend buying a BlueTooth keyboard, which is what I am using now to type this review. Watching movies is awesome. And games from the App Store are so fun to play. The only down side is that it's not as clear as the full size iPad. But that really isn't a big deal unless you're super crazy about that kind of stuff. Otherwise I highly recommend this tablet to anyone looking for something like this. I hope you decide to buy one, it'll be worth the money."
"This I pad mini is great, what I like most is suri is on it and she knows she's the s***."
"I already have numerous Apple products, and I even have a Ipad. The mini offers everything the bigger one has with a little more portability. Fast shipping an good price. Would recommend."
"arrived on time, works perfectly  I recommend buying it, is a good choice for a good price, FIVE STARS FOR THIS PRODUCT"
