"I am a Vine reviewer, and often receive products before their release to the public.  This Bose Solo TV Sound System is one of these products."
"Although I have a nice Sony Bravia TV, the sound can be a little...disappointing.  This is especially noticeable when we watch BluRay versions of movies like ""A Bridge Too Far"" or ""The Battle of Britan"" - the TV begins to vibrate and buzz when the planes fly over.  However, not being an overall audiophile, I had no desire to install a surround sound system with five speakers.  I was looking into getting a sound bar when I discovered the Bose Solo TV Sound System."
"This is a great device to add to a room with a HDTV, but where you don't want to install a full surround sound system.  For me, I have a main television with surround sound in the Living Room, but also have a television in the bedroom.  I don't want to install a full surround sound system in here, but also don't like the tinny sound of the television's audio.  The Bose SOLO is a perfect solution."
"I bought one 2 weeks ago and put it under my Panny L55ET5.  I set it up before I read about the weight limit. I don't think this will be a problem. Like almost everyone else I bought it because flat panel speakers are terrible. The Bose Solo sound is adequate, nothing more. Wiring is kept to a minimum.  The lack of controls directly on the box is going to be a problem. I am sure I will lose hours of my life looking for that remote. Can't get my Uverse remote to work with it. Bose offers their own universal remote but come on, this speaker has only 4 functions. It should work with all remotes. It sounds the same as my wave radio except it has less functionality. Priced above what it is worth but not having to mount a sound bar and place a subwoofer is why I am going to live with the trade offs."
"I gave this system a one star review because most people look at the one and two star reviews first, and I wanted to clear up some incorrect information that has been posted."
"This was purchased for a TV in a room with a high ceiling. I say that because the room presents acoustic challenges. The Bose Solo TV Speaker system was up to the task. Virtually, wherever I am standing in the room, the sound from the speaker is clear and distinct. It is better to hook up the audio source using the digital optical connector (cable included) rather then the RCA analog stereo connector (also included). The better clarity is noticeable. The other great feature about this speaker is that you get a balanced sound at many volume levels. The base, treble, and mid-level sounds maintain proportionality whether you are listening quietly late at night or early in the morning or if you need to crank it up during the day. There is also sufficient separation to know that you are listening to a stereo source."
"I was skeptical at first, but ordered the solo anyway (directly from Bose, same price as Amazon, but financing available). I was pleasantly surprised and amazed! Having been actively looking for a home theater system for some time, I was delighted with the solo sound system. What I experienced was NO BASS DISTORTION WHATSOEVER! Full, even-bodied sound. Highs not too high, lows just right, sound clarity amazing, and room-filling sound."
"I purchased the Bose Solo three weeks ago and could not be happier.  As described, it makes the dialogue easier to hear. I am replacing my Sony surround sound system with the Solo.  The surround sound system involved wires running under the carpet and loud noises during movies that would completely drown out the dailogue.  Setting it up was very easy.  My 46"" Sony Bravia TV sits nicely and solidly on top of the Solo.  The TV weighs 40 lbs. so the weight is also just right.  This is a much cleaner look than the multiple speakers the surround sound system used.  That being said, I purchased this for the sound, and I am very pleased with that.  It actually does make the spoken word easier to hear.  I am in my sixties, and just beginning to lose the ability to hear all the words on television.  I was tired of missing every fifth word or so and the ""clear voice"" feature on my Sony television did not remedy that.  With the Bose Solo, after I got used to it, about three days, I can now hear almost every single word that is spoken and never have to adjust the volume up or down depending on background noise in the show.  It does seem to me like the Solo makes those adjustments automatically."
The Bose Solo TV sound system is an excellent addition to any home entertainment system. The sound quality is clear and powerful enough to change my whole TV experience.
"If I had heard the sound quality before I purchased the unit I would not have.If your present TV has a really poor sound system I suppose it will be all right,but I was expecting the sound quality of their wave radio cd unit.It is far from it. This Solo sound system is very expensive for the small upgrade in performance.I am very disapointed in Bose,every other product I have from Bose is excellent.My advice is don't buy something this expensive without listening to it first.The Bose customers deserve better."
"Over the last decade or so, in addition to becoming much cheaper, the mid size (25"" to 42"") television has improved leaps and bounds in nearly all areas. They have better pictures, have more inputs, consume less power, and have gotten much thinner and lighter. These improvements have come at a cost, however, as there isn't much room in a 1 inch thick tv to fit decent speakers. The Bose Solo TV sound system attempts to address the issue."
"At the time of this writing, this product has not been released. Therefore, I do not know the exact specs of the speakers, nor do I even know the MSRP. What I can tell you is how good this little unit sounds!"
"What is the problem with this product for so many of you?  It is not meant for super music technicalities, nor subwoofer performance."
Pros:  Very good sound that is quick & easy to setup.  Sturdy build quality with small convenient footprint.
"After a few weeks of operation, I am generally pleased with my Solo.  As do all Bose products, the Solo produces great sound and is simple to use.  My only complaint is that it is, perhaps, TOO simple.  I sometimes find it desirable to customize sound -- and with the Solo, that is impossible."
"Since there is no frequency control (equalizer).  One is forced to listen to the constant, and to me annoying, deep bass and booming background sounds that are now added by inept producers of most TV shows and movies. This seems to be the accepted method of attempting to make a mediocre production exciting or interesting. I find this to be extremely annoying. Given that and the fact that Bose felt no need for any kind of sound adjustment makes this system less desirable. This being said the system produces excellent sound and is a great improvement over TV speakers. Fortunately, my Sony TV is easy to switch between TV speakers and external audio system. Next year when Bose releases a newer version with the equalizer, I will be stuck with one."
"I have to admit I was skeptical when I opened the box and read the instructions. ""You place your television on top of this?"" I must have re-read that line several times. Of course there are size and weight restrictions so not any television would apply. All I did was plug the Bose into the wall, connect the audio connectors to the television and press the 'On' button on the remote. The sound was well balanced and rich."
"Bose still refuses to design products for those over 60 or hard of hearing. Like myself, we need tone controls to compensate for our hearing losses; as we age we loose the high frequency tones to the extent that I can no longer understand some speech on my Bose. Better yet would be to have an equalizer function."
"I've just returned my Bose Solo unit insomuch as there AGAIN is not adjustment to turn down or off the heavy bass sound. I saw this advertised in our AARP magazine, for older people with hearing problems with the new flat screen t.v.'s. It again has no adjustment to eliminate or turn down the bass. With my tpye hearing problem I need the bass lowered or turned off and treble turned up."
"ZVOX pummels this thing.  I got the cheapest model zvox for 200 and it still has fuller/richer sound this the solo sound system.  The solo isnt a bad speaker.. but like many others said, this isn't really up to bose standards.  There is no bass whatsoever.  All zvox models have a 4 or 5 inch subwoofer which truly makes the difference  Notice how the price is extremely cheap for a Bose product?  That's because they know they didn't make this up to par or anywhere near the other sound systems of theirs.  Granted it is a all in one speaker system but it just doesn't do enough to even call it ""good"""
Pros
"My husband wanted this...it seemed too simple and I was unsure if it would really improve the TV sound.  Boy, was I wrong!!!  This is a fantastic product.  The sound is amazing and we are really enjoying music from the TV.  You an actually understand the words and the tone is so pure!!  Get one, you'll love it!!!"
"Just got it today, have played with it for a few hours. Bought it for the advertised reasons: My TV, a Vizio M470SL, produces great video quality but the sound is generally uneven, and specifically voices are muffled and tend to be drowned out by bass, so I had to constantly raise or lower the volume when switching between channels or inputs, or even during the same program, to find a balance between audible dialogue on the one hand and sound effects that would not shake the room on the other hand. Sometimes, it just wasn't possible to strike this balance, which meant that I'd have to choose between missing elements of dialogue or getting blown away by the rumble and fury. (Please note that this is typical of LED and Plasma TVs in general -- I do not mean to imply that Vizio's TVs are any worse in this respect than other brands, and if you like to watch TV at very high volumes anyway then it probably wouldn't be a problem for you.) The Solo solves this problem quite effectively. I have tested it on several cable channels and types of programming, a dvd player, a blu ray player, the Onlive gaming service I use through the Vizio Costar (which is a great addition for dedicated Androidiacs out there or for anyone who wants a functional browser -- i.e., Chrome -- on their TV), and played music through a few different apps -- the Solo sounds excellent with all of these. Of course, type of input should not make a difference in sound production or quality since the Solo connects to the TV with an optical cable (Bose includes one with the Solo, as well as some other type of cable, component I think, so you don't have to buy one)."
"I have been looking for a minimal solution for our Samsung tv in our living room for at least a year and finally found it with the Bose solo. I didn't want wires everywhere, I didn't want to drill holes in the wall, I didn't want to have a separate bass box and the soundbars I listened to were either tinny or were really 2.1 systems. I have a 5.1 system attached to a LG tv in the games room, where perched speakers and wires look just fine with all the industrial shelving etc, but in the room we spend the most time, I want things clean, subtle and simple. Up to now, the open layout of our house has meant we hear the tv sound better down the hall in the bedrooms than where we lounge about to watch movies. The single box with one wire for power and the included optical cable for connection to the tv took 5 minutes to set up, 3 of those minutes were lifting and placing the tv on the box. I read someone saying the box didn't turn off and on with the tv (different remote juggling etc) but I overcame this by using a master/slave power board so it shuts off and on with the tv."
"My Bose Solo arrived a couple of hours ago. Installation was every bit as easy as they claim, and the unit even fit neatly beneath my 42"" Vizio. The materials and feel of the unit is typical Bose superior quality. We bought it because my wife and I are approaching 60 and have trouble picking up conversations sometimes on our regular television speakers, but wanted something simple and unobtrusive to solve the problem. After installation I turned on the Solo, pulled up my TV's audio menu, then tuned in a show with lots of talk. I killed the Solo sound and immediately switched on the TV speakers, then reversed it, back and forth, back and forth. It wasn't really necessary, since the first time I did it we were both amazed at the difference in not just voice quality, but overall sound quality. It performs just as we had hoped. If you are looking to buy the Solo for the same reasons we did, don't hesitate. You will be pleased."
"Got a Bose Solo because some ads indicated that it made speech more legible. I have hearing problems, so that sounded good to me.  The Bose was easy to set up.  But, I don't hear a lot of difference between the Bose and the speakers on my Panasonic TV.  The Bose has no provision for adjusting bass/treble. Also, it requires an additional remote control, which is somewhat annoying."
Not quite up to my expectations for Bose.
"We've never owned a Bose product before, but we know of their outstanding reputation. Consequently, our expectations for Bose Solo TV were pretty high. And while this ""sound bar"" type speaker system is definitely a solid product (its sound is good and clear and rich), it hasn't blown us away. No issues...just not amazement."
"This 'review' considers the Solo for what it is while addressing a couple of (I think, unrealistic) points made by other reviewers."
"Flat screen TV sets have nice large HD screens but tiny little ""tinney"" speakers. Some television series also have very poor sound quality. And to top things off I suffer from hearing loss in one ear. So I have been relying on loud volumes and closed captioning in some cases to enjoy some programs. The Bose TV Sound System takes care of 90% of my concerns and I am very pleased with the results!"
I returned this item. The bass sound on it was so loud all I could hear was a thumping noise in the background. There are NO controls on this item to adjust the bass sound level. Was like sitting at a light and having some kid with his sound turned up on a car stereo.
"Both my wife and I have a mild hearing loss in one ear.  We purchased this device in hopes that we would be able to hear better what was being said, but that did not happen.  We feel that we just wasted 400 bucks!  If the TV program or movie that we watch has much in the way of background music or just plain noise of various things going boom, etc., then the bass part of the music or noise makes it nigh to impossible to discern what is being said by voices that have a bass quality, particulary male voices.  Do not buy the Solo unless you have unimpaired hearing.  Pity that there is no way to adjust the background sounds so that they do not drown out the bass dialogue.  We intend to return the unit for a refund."
"I recieved the Bose Solo system as a Christmas present last month. It looks great and is extremely easy to set up. The sound is very good for what it is. I am a musician and have been playing for over 40 years and have suffered some hearing loss at certain frequencies. I have no trouble hearing everything through the Bose. I have it hooked up to a 42 inch Vizio LCD HD TV. The low end is not quite as responsive as a larger home theater but is still quite full sounding. The thing I like best is the volume doesn't drop out like the TV speakers do. Once I set the volume for a movie or TV show, I do not have to adjust it louder or softer throughout the show. And all spoken dialogue is very clear, you can hear every word whether soft or loud without turning the sound up and down. Over all, I am extremely happy with this product."
If I could rate this lower I would.  I thought I could tolerate the EXCESSIVE BASS produced by this unit but I've had enough.  Unfortunately it is past the deadline within which I can return the unit so the best I can do is warn others. There is no user controls available with this unit so you are stuck with the preset levels. I thought BOSE to be a reputable company but this is horrible. Do not buy this unless you can tolerate extreme bass.
"The 32-inch Samsung UN32EH5300 SmartTV in our bedroom really needs a sound bar speaker and I was attracted to the compact design and simplicity of the Bose Solo.  I had been seriously considering the purchase, but I didn't want to proceed without actually hearing it in person.  Fortunately, I had a chance yesterday to get a live demo in a local Bose store (North Georgia Premium Outlets) and I'm glad I did.  The store actually had the Solo connected to a very similar Samsung 32-inch model as ours and the sales person had me listen as he switched between the TV's internal speakers and those of the Bose Solo.  Honestly, my only clue that any speaker switching was happening were the on-screen graphics ""Bose Solo"" vs. ""Internal Speakers"".  I didn't expect anything approaching home theater sound quality, but the difference between the Bose Solo and the very limited range internal speakers was virtually indiscernible.  Maybe my hearing isn't perfect, but I couldn't justify a $400 purchase based on these results.  My search goes on . . ."
"When we read about this Bose system, we were quite excited because we have always been happy with their products."
"We purchased the Bose TV sound system in the hope that it would improve the clarity of speech from televised sources.  It does this to a degree, but not as much as we had hoped.  If the problem of inaudible dialogue originates with the producers of programs, there may be nothing that a system like Bose's can do about it.  Increased volume from the Bose system is better than louder sound from the TV speakers, but with that volume comes more muddling base sound. It might have been helpful if Bose had been able to include an adjustable treble-base control in addition to its simple louder or softer buttons."
"I have a man cave, with a fairly small office nitch, where I got my desktop computer, a smallish Samsung tv (32 inch), hooked up to a Tivo.  I've been looking for a way to boost the fidelity of the tv.  Looked at small theater systems, small sound bar stuff, that kind of thing.  Really didn't have the room for a sub-wofer on the floor.  So I saw an ad in the Sunday Parade insert a couple of weeks ago and got me online to the Bose web site.  Seemed like just what I wanted.  On line I saw that Bose had a store at an outlet mall close my, so went by there on Saturday and was blown away by the sound of their demo box.  And it was hooked up to a Samsung TV that looked a lot like mine.  I bought it."
"I was so disappointed when I hooked up my new Bose Solo.  The Bose name carried a lot of weight for me and I love the Bose systems in my cars, so I was very much looking forward to bringing that quality of sound into the house."
