This was a quality purchase and I did a huge amount of research as well as visiting and speaking with reps at both Best Buy and Frys. And I would've actually bought on Amazon had I had more time before going on vacation but I bought it at Frys Electronics.
"In preparing for a trip to a remote area of East Africa, I needed a camera that would fit in my pocket. I have a nice Canon Rebel with all the lenses, but the fear was that if I packed that in my luggage it would be stolen, and it is too bulky to fit in my very limited carry on bag. I purchased the Canon Powershot in the hopes that it would take reasonable pictures. My expectations were that it would not do as well as what I had come to expect with my full size Canon."
I originally purchased as a gift the
"I purchased the Canon ELPH 100 HS camera last year to try out the Canon HS System.  I was impressed with the relatively clean-looking images that can be taken in low light, compared to the noticeably noisy images taken with my older cameras.  However, when I zoomed in on parts of the images to look at details, the images were soft and lacking the detail I wanted.  The ELPH 100 HS also did not have an optical zoom for video - only a digital zoom, and only if the still image aspect ratio is set at 4:3.  I considered getting the ELPH 300 HS, which had a 24mm wide angle lens and which did have optical zoom for video, but I decided to go for the models with the newer DIGIC 5 processor, which Canon described as follows:"
"I'd previously had the IS1400, and loved it -- so sleek -- but it was co-opted by a family member. Figuring this was a sign from the cosmos that I should update for an upcoming trip abroad, I checked out tons of cameras, and almost went with a similar Panasonic that had just come out. In any case, the 110 won out for the simple reason that it boasted not only terrific specs (HD video and a healthy pixel count for photos) and was truly pocketable, but because it did NOT have a touch screen. Many people had commented negatively on the absence of dedicated buttons for accessing menus and prior photos, and I have to agree with them: you don't want to be futzing with a touch-screen just to quickly access a capability that a dedicated button would instantly allow, especially in strong daylight."
"The first thing to keep in mind:  this is a little 'point and shoot' - not a DSLR.  If you're accustomed to the image quality of a DSLR, you might be a little disappointed with the Elph."
"Upon arriving in beautiful California for a long vacation, I dropped my Canon S90 -- a miraculous point & shoot, legendary for its picture quality.  Stunned, I dropped into the nearest retail store & bought a quick make-do replacement. I chose the Elph 110 HS because it had the widest aperture of all the offerings (f2.7) & was the most pocketable. I prayed that our vacation pictures would be decent."
"A very nice little camera. With 32 GB (optional) of memory one can go a long time taking high quality pictures and movies. The battery does not last long, however. It is rechargeable, but can leave you in a bind. The Canon camera battery is $45, but there are higher energy rechargeable batteries available for under $10. I bought two as spares."
"Canon has really hit the mark with this unit.  Many of the issues with picture quality, soft edges on print out and such have been eliminated.  It's alos packaged just right for your pocket and has plenty of features that will allow you to be as creative as you wish or as programmed as you wish.  You decide!  I currently use my Canon T2i for a majority of my pictures but really like this powerhouse as a backup when I don't feel like lugging around the weight."
"I write for a magazine, which requires me to take technical photos, and so I buy a new point and shoot camera every couple years. This is bar none the best camera of its type that I've ever owned.  It has two rings (one around the lens and another around the 'func set' button that can be used for anything from manual focus to shutter speed to white balance, etc. It takes blu ray quality video and very rich pictures - in manual mode as you adjust your rings (I have mine set for ISO and aperture) you can make the photo look exactly the way you want to before even snapping the shutter.  This is particularly helpful in taking sunrise and sunset photos and technical shots where lighting may not be optimum and a flash washes things out.  I couldn't ask for a better camera and I've owned a LOT of point and shoot models.  Nobody does it like Canon."
"I bought the 110 because it does not have the touch screen as on the 320. Screens fade with time and in direct sun light that could be a problem for my eyes. I like that you can shoot your pictures in 16:1 wide screen. When you use a picture for the back ground on your desk top it is not distorted or cut off. Also displays perfectly on a flatscreen tv. The pictures so far have been great. Ability to shoot HD movies is a nice plus. Every where you go on the internet people talk about how much better digital SLR cameras are. I like little cameras because I can have this in my pocket to use or not. No questions about why you are bringing a camera along and all that. It has been my experience that people are less shy about being in a photo when the camera is small. The camera does NOT come with a memory chip! Buy a class 10 SD XC Transcend chip. XC is a better choice over HC. 16GB is a good size. HD movies use huge amounts of memory. The way I understand it 16GB will hold about 1 hour of HD video clips and less if you already have pitures in the camera. Just an update 7/22/12...superfine compression does not seem to be availible in auto-mode? I can only select it in program-mode. My neice wants a camera for her birthday. No brainer for me, I just ordered her the same camera in red with a red case-logic case."
This Camera takes amazing outdoor shots. So if you're taking this on a hike or somewhere outdoor this is a great camera. Fast focus and colors are accurate.  HD video is amazing at 24 frames-per-second that gives you a movie-feel.  Camera is also Very Slim and compact. It has a large beauitful LCD screen. I like the dedicated video recording button so you don't have to switch or else you'll miss your video shot.
Pros: Speedy!
"Bought this for my wife to leave in her purse. It's very compact. I mainly shoot with a Nikon DSLR and Olympus m43 Pen. Let me first say, don't compare this to an SLR or even an m34 camera. It's just not even close when you examine the pictures at 100%. With that out of the way, it's not bad. If you only view it as large as a 1080p monitor, the pictures show sharpness and plenty of detail. White balance and color tone is good. The corners are soft, but that is expected. The one big negative to me is the video zoom. When shooting video and zooming in and out, the lens is very noisy. There is a loud film-like continuous clicking sound that's very audible in the video. I was hoping this can replace my 1080i camcorder but it's obvious the video can only be used in spots here and there when zoom is not needed during a shoot. Otherwise, the video quality is surprisingly good."
"this is a great compact camera, with great still images, neat slow motion features. Battery life could be better, with an only 680 mah of power... my new Nikon has a battery with over 1200 mah, and I haven't even noticed a decrease in life yet from new state and I've shot over 20 minutes of video with it already."
"I have been through a number of 300 HS over the last year, namely because I vlog daily with it (video blog) and that takes a toll on these cameras. I took one in to be repaired and they sent me back the newly released 110 HS model since they had just discontinued the 300 HS."
My wife loves the shutter speed in order to take pictures of our kids which are constantly moving. A lot of fun.
I bought this camera mainly for a concert I was going to and didn't want the low quality of my phones camera. I also did not want to spend more than $200. I could not have gotten a better camera for the price!
WARNING ! Don't expect your previous Canon batteries to work in this camera. THANKS Cannon I really wanted to risk going into the field with an untested battery system. You just got your last point and shoot battery dialed in so I Only needed to carry one charged backup for a week or so. SO how manny backups do I need to buy now ?  I Wish I had payed more attention. I would have stuck with my beat up older Cannon P&S.;
"I've had my eye on the Canon Elph 110 ever since publications like Consumer Reports rated it among the top 4 point-and-shoots, just under the perennial favorite ""2nd camera"" of the pros--the Canon S95.  Canon originally had the Elph 110 pegged as a camera coming in below the Elph 300 series and priced closer to $100 than to $200.  However, the camera received ratings from professional critics that ranked it in the category of ""best of breed.""  Subsequently, the Elph 110 shot up in price until this moment, as Amazon has pulled off another of its striking value plays, discounting this coveted camera way beneath the prices its commanding from other sellers.  Not least of this camera's features--apart from pixels, lens versatility, shot stability and auto settings--is its video capability.  Other cameras shoot HD at 780p and at erratic speeds; the Canon 110 captures video at 1080p at 24fps (standard movie speed), and with surprisingly sensitive and spacious sound from its built-in stereo microphone."
"Great camera! Great price! I did extensive research when looking for a point and shoot. My family currently has 3 very good and 1 professional photographer, and we all use Canon. In my research I found this camera to be ranked 2nd and 3rd as the top models at this price point, boy were they wrong!"
"Bought this camera for my wife as she was goin away on business and needed something small, yet good quality.  The camera takes clear shots and the zoom is fantastic.  I recommend getting a small tripod to hold the camera with and then take shots on the timer.  You cannot go wrong with this model as it is light and easy to use plus has settings that are easy to understand with clear pictures as a result!"
"I was really excited to get this digital camera, but I was disappointed after using it for a week. I'm not a photographer, but I'm decent when it comes to taking pictures and what to expect. I wasn't expected anything amazing from a point and shoot camera, but I do feel this camera could be a little better."
"I will start with the positive.  I love the compact size of this camera.  Start up time was acceptable, however when focusing, the face detector would sometimes locate an object other than the face of the person I'm shooting, and in almost half of my pictures I was getting a yellow cast in the coloring.  I tried the same scenes with and without the flash, and using the auto features, and the coloring would still be off.  A beige wall came out yellow, skin tones would be off.  For this reason I returned my camera.  Thankfully, Amazon is a great company to do business with, and my return was a simple process."
"My 1 1/2-year-old Canon 300 HS developed a flaw in mid-September 2012.  The doors covering the lens that are supposed to open when you turn on the camera started getting stuck.  Lubricating the doors with a small amount of light oil didn't help.  I sent the camera to Canon last spring and had them repair the same problem under warranty.  But six months later it has arisen again, and the camera is now out of warranty.  I don't know if it is my fault -- the camera has some tiny dings in the metal donut around the lens -- but it had them back in the spring and they were still on the camera when it was returned to me in working condition.  Because any repair is likely to cost at least $100, or more than half the cost of a replacement, and the problem may still recur, I decided to just buy a new camera."
"Don't waste your time and money on this camera, despite the good reviews! After buying a Canon PowerShot Elph 300 for my husband several months ago, this newer Canon is a huge disappointment. We have been extremely impressed with the Elph 300, and I wanted a slim, great performing camera for a little less money. Too bad the Elph 110 is as cheap as it looks and feels. It is very noisy during photo shooting, as well as the flash itself, and the camera is extremely slow rebounding for the next frame. It would not be possible to shoot a series of frames with this camera, it's just too slow! The zoom quality is equally disappointing, because the image on the screen is so grainy and blurry that I wouldn't trust the camera to actually take good pictures. Unfortunately, I had to send it back, it simply was not worth keeping."
"I purchased this camera to replace my ELPH 450SD which was about 7 years old. I own a Canon EOS60D, but I like to have something small that I can throw in my purse and take with me everywhere."
"I just received this camera today, so I've only taken a handful of photos with it. So far I don't have any complaints. I have a DSLR so I know my way around a camera, but I wanted something small to carry everywhere so I don't have to lug my DSLR everywhere. I took a few low light shots and they have turned out well enough for a point and shoot."
"I purchased this camera to replace a Canon Power Shot A400.  I wanted to see better photos but knew I'd sacrifice the convenience of using rechargeable AA batteries.  As it turns out the out of the box rechargeable battery for the Elph 110HS only lasted for about 25 flash photos before it had to be recharged.  I'm disappointed it has such short battery usage after recharge.  Looks like I'll have to buy a back up battery.  The 110HS takes great photos and I don't have to use a computer program to downsize the photos, I can do it with a program built into the camera.  The large photos take up a lot of storage space so I purchased a 16 G card when I bought the camera.  So far I'm dazzled by the difference between the A400 and the 110HS.  I recommend this camera for it's ease of use and decent price."
This is the fifth Canon compact digital camera I have purchased. Each one is significantly better than the previous one. With a 32 Gig chip I can now do HD video and take all the photos I want on a two week vacation and never worry about running out of storage space. The images are razor sharp. I will have no need for a camera any better than this. Ever.
"Extremely wonderful pictures. The clearest of all cameras I have had. The 16.1 pixels give an extremely clear picture even when using the digital zoom. Does great in low light. The only set back is the battery life. According to the manual it says 150 pictures to a full battery charge, this seems to me a little few to me. Another battery is about $50-$70 too which is a little pricy. I have looked on e-bay and there are offbrand batterys but I have not tried any of them. Other then the battery life, this is a great compact camera. There is an overwhelming array of things you can do to the picture with the settings on the camera too. A great first camera and I would highly recommend this camera."
"So far, it seems like a fine camera, purchased to replace a bulkier Kodak digital camera (I believe it was a Kodak Easyshare Z981 14 MP Digital Camera with Schneider-Kreuznach Variogon 26xWide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom Lens and 3.0-Inch LCD Screen]) which broke.  I wish the Canon came w/ a ready to read complete manual instead of w/ a short ""quick start"" manual, the remainder of which has to be downloaded from a .pdf file, which I haven't gotten around to doing yet.  Missing from the camera, and apparently from many other digital cameras, but not from my replaced Kodak, is an alternate eye level viewer which comes in handy when there is too much light for the image in the full screen viewer.  I appreciate its compactness and the automatic cover when the lens is retracted.  And, oh yeah, for this amateur, the pictures taken seemed OK!"
I bought this camera from amazon after my first one got stolen. Here is what i like about the cam:
"I * hate * this * camera.  I researched many cameras in this class before settling on the ELPH 110HS, and I am very disappointed. I've been using it since November 2012 - in auto mode and in program mode to attempt to improve situations where it is not performing well."
"I bought this to replace a Canon ELPH 300 HS, essentially similar, which became defective after 15 months and several thousand photos."
"I am a professional photographer and instead of lugging my big boy around with me every day, this fits neatly in my pocket and takes some amazing photos! I am very impressed with this camera and highly recommend it."
"This was my 3rd powershot.  I bought it because I've loved them in the past, but this one is a definite step down.  It seems to have trouble maintaining focus during videos and kept going back and forth between focusing on the subject and some random thing in the background--who cares if I get 1080p if it is blurry.  The battery is pretty weak whereas previous Powershots had amazing stamina.  My biggest complaint however, is that after only a few weeks of using it I started getting a clicking when zooming and from time to time the lens cover wouldn't open fully and I'd get the dreaded 'lens error' message.  Thankfully, I was within the return period.  I love many things about Canons, but if they can't get the basics like good focus, then I don't care how many different modes it has (but the movie digest mode is pretty cool)."
"This camera does not produce impressive images.  A point and shoot should be able to deal with a range of basic indoor conditions, such as taking a picture of a group of people in a restaurant under artificial light.  This was attempted.  The settings used were the factory default.  The camera failed the test.  The images are dim and often have a yellow hue.  The effect of the flash is unpredictable and generally unhelpful.  An Apple iPhone took better images each time.  Cameras can and do beat the Apple.  If you want bad indoor pictures of 16.1 mega pixels then buy this.  Otherwise, save your money and use your smartphone.  Or buy another camera."
"Great, versatile light weight camera with a clear, non-glare viewfinder. Nicest perk is excellent Hi Def 1080 movies. Not for serious photographers who should shoot with Digital SLRs, but not a bad back up when one doesn't want to lug heavier pro equipment around."
"So I bought this pocket camera less than 3 weeks ago and added expedited shipping. It was still cheaper than buying in a store even with 2 day shipping; Thank you Amazon :). I also got a 32Gb Class 10 SD card. I took over 500 photos in Europe, in all light levels, out of a car window, in the rain and snow, of family, trees, and snow capped mountains. All I can say is, I was unexpectedly amazed at the quality of the photos. I only used the video mode once but the picture quality was great, only complaint was mic volume."
