"I got my first Kindle. This is a nice ebook reader. I'm going to jump right in and tell you what I found to be its Pros and Cons. Then I'm going to tell how it compares to its biggest competitor, the Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch."
"I have owned a Kindle for several years now.  I have had the 2nd generation Kindle and I have had the Kindle Keyboard.  When my mom expressed interest in getting a Kindle I decided to give her my Kindle Keyboard because she doesnt have Wifi in her house and my older Kindle Keyboard had 3G, which is what she needed.  And I decided to buy the Basic Kindle for myself because (1) I didnt want to wait for the Paperwhite to come out and (2) I just needed Wifi and (3)and most importantly I JUST WANT TO READ A BOOK, not listen to text-to-speach, or go shopping on Amazon, or listen to music, etc.  All I want to do is read a book...thats it!  This Kindle is perfect for that. Its smaller and lighter, the pages turn faster than the Keyboard version, it basically has everything I need to download a book and read a book with a much better price than the Paperwhite or Keyboard.  Yes, you have to navigate through the keyboard on this kindle with a 5-way controller, but I rarely use the keyboard anyway.  To download a book, I just search and buy books on my computer and send them to my Kindle...which is much quicker no matter what version of Kindle you have.  So if you dont need, want, or use all the extras then I would definitely recommend the Basic Kindle for $69 with special offers, because who really pays attention to the screen savers anyway."
"I travel for work.  More and more, I find myself leaving the Kindle Fire at home and traveling with just an e-ink Kindle.  So when I broke my Kindle 3, I decided to replace it with this entry level Kindle (without special offers)."
"I honestly read almost every review for this Kindle making sure I was making the right choice. I have the Kindle App for my iPad, but as amazing as the ""retina display"" is, you're still reading a computer screen. Short term is fine, if you enjoy reading at 20 min intervals. My dilemma was; do I rebuy the hard copy of the book, or go all in and get a Kindle. Regular or paperwhite? So many things to consider! That being said, this is why I chose just the 6"" E-ink display."
"I am writing this from the perspective of being a long-time experienced Kindle user vs. someone brand new.  From an overall perspective, considering the pricing of the Kindle with Special Offers (""KSO"") at $69 vs. higher amounts for the different flavors of Kindle available today, this one is a hands-down bargain. If you have wanted to get your kids a Kindle to encourage reading as well as sharing of books but hesitated because $139 to $400+ is a lot of money to risk with a child, maybe at $69 this is your price point."
This is our third kindle.  The previous one died after two years . . . electronics froze.  It had heavy use - two daily newspapers plus books. The problem may have been where the charging cable attaches to the unit.
"I've owned an eReader since 1997, when I bought the Rocket Ebook (which was lighted, had buttons to turn the pages and a touch screen) and used that device daily for 13 years; yes THIRTEEN YEARS. When the port crapped out and I couldn't download new books so I bought the Kindle 2 (with the keyboard) and still have it.  Learning that Amazon was getting rid of the buttons that flipped the pages and instead making us use a finger to change the page (which would necessitate me using two hands instead of one to read -- one to flip and one to hold onto the reader) I purchased the $89 Kindle (with no ads) and started using it yesterday. From the get go, I have been am UNABLE to press the button and hold the Kindle using only one hand, which I've been been able to do with my two other eReaders.  The right side button on the eReader is especially hard to press.  To buttons on the side of the eReader and very slim and hard and my hands and fingers are in pain.  I am returning this eReader because of my inability to change the page of the books I am reading because of the difficulty to turn the page."
What can I say about the Kindle that hasn't been said a thousand times over in so many different ways? I just got this ad-free version of the Kindle and I made some observations. Hopefully they will shed some new light. Here they are:
"Amazon's least expensive reader may not have some of the bells and whistles (speakers, touch) you get with the higher end but if what you want is a 'reader', this model is as good as any when it comes to bringing you a clear and sharp display, light weight, easy to carry size, simplicity and, of course low price."
"My first e-reader was the Kindle Keyboard with 3G, which was eventually mishandled by a friend. As a result, I pre-ordered this Kindle when it was first released. I had looked at the silver model of the same device and at the Kindle Touch while I was trying to decide, but I'm glad that I decided on this one."
"I purchased this for my fiance, and it's great overall, considering we live in a place with no bookstore and having to pay for shipping costs every time we wanted to read something was getting too much. With the Kindle we can download a book in no time."
"The kindle arrived fast, in it's eco-friendly and easy to open packaging. I got the new, black model and so far I'm impressed. This is my first e-reader and I think I made an excellent choice. The kindle is very lightweight, not slippery and easy to hold. The page turn buttons press in really well and you can feel them. Not having a case with a light or the ''paperwhite'' model is no problem at all, because people have been reading regular books for ages, so it's not hard to find some light by the bed or on the couch. I also like the fact that it does not have a touchscreen. In my opinion, people do not really benefit from having a touchscreen on devices like these. The navigation is really easy and simple without touch, too. The battery seems to last forever (at least in my case) - I charge it about once every 10 days. The screen is really clear and sharp, with high contrast, just like on the new ''paperwhite'' model. The only things missing are a mp3 player and an usable web browser (do not expect to do any browsing except Wikipedia on this device). Also, the navigation controller could be a little bigger, but you will get used to it after some time. All in all, this thing is compact, fun and gives you the ability to read everything, everywhere. If you have any doubts about buying this device for yourself, a friend or student (such as myself) , trust me : ''It is awesome''!"
"Although Amazon has not officially admitted it, there is a huge difference in the screen quality for its e-readers."
"I have to start out saying I really like this little electro-reader.  Small, compact, easy to use (and read), I was a fan from the get-go.  I had not read much for a few years, and began to read more after I got this really neat device.  In that regard, it was well worth the money."
"My son bought me a Nextbook (must be an off brand) at a discount store, were things that are outdated go to be sold. It got me hooked with all the apps you can get, but it must have been and older model because I had all kinds of trouble with it. I decided to buy another device. What to buy? I did some research. Asked friends. I was told to stay away from the, kindle Fire, the Samsung was good but the dealer was pushing Google's Nexus 7. I bought the Samsung and had more problems with it, not that it was bad, but it had all these features and apps that you have to log on to and create accounts with pass words to operate everything, it drove me crazy. I returned it and bought the Kindle (my first choice). I found out I didn't need something that has a 100 apps like a Smart phone or Ipad. I don't need to watch TV, stream viedos, down load music, tweet, surf the net or play games or face book or text. I just wanted to read my books. So I bought the kindle, can't get andy better than this. Create an Amazon account (very simple), put a couple of gift cards in it (so you don't have to worry about using your credit card every time) and shop for books. Hit the one stop shop button and it down loads via your internet in seconds. Can't say enough, the quality is great, the cost is inexpensive, stores tons of books, should I keep going? If you want something without a lot of bells and whistles buy the kindle or kindle touch. it comes with all the functions you'll need.  Besides, after reading a book I have a life to get back too and it dosen't involve texting every 2 minutes. The Kindle is great for its purpose, can't say any more than that."
"I pre-ordered the Kindle Paperwhite the day after it was announced back in September and received it in early October. I had a good two weeks with the device before I decided to return it. It's a fine device and I didn't hate it by any means in fact there was a lot I liked about it. I found though that the device seemed to get in the way of my reading experience. I owned the Kindle silver for a year and what made me fall in love with the device was that it really felt close to reading an actual book. The PW feels too much like a tablet to me. While the adjustable light definitely creates good contrast for the e-ink on the PW,  I'm aware of the artificial light whether it is at a low level and definitely more so at a higher level. I constantly was adjusting the light on the PW to try and find the best contrast in whatever lighting situation I was in. This became annoying because I seemed to be thinking about the light level rather then immersing myself in whatever I was reading."
"My husband bought the kindle just before he left for deployment so he would not have to lug a bunch of heavy books back and forth. At first he was quite happy with the Kindle and the large selection of books he could download.  He happily used his kindle for the duration of his deployment.  A few monthes after he got back he went to go grab his kindle to take on a trip and the screen had mysteriously gone black.  There was no rebooting it, it was completely dead. Already hearing about our friends numerous problems with their kindles, my husband had always made a point of being extra careful with the kindle and it was never dropped on the floor or mishandled in any way."
I have used a Kindle Keyboard (KK3) for just over a year and love it. I recently bought a standard K4 as a spare when my local store was having a fire sale. After many hours of comfortable KK use I found it took some time to get used to this much smaller reader. I planned to use the K4 as a spare but as I got used to it I started to like it. I now use both the KK and K4 equally to make sure that the batteries are always charged. Here are a few of the good and bad points from my perspective:
We own five Kindles:
This purchase would be great if it actually worked. The first kindle I purchased was fantastic for about a week and then the screen froze and so I returned and got another. Now I am not even through one book on the second one and the screen is frozen again. Nothing will fix it. I will need to replace it again. I am just a little annoyed. I can't even get through one book on this thing and it stops working. I would just rather read a good old fashion book.
I'm totally untechnical; don't even possess a mobile. However I have 2 dilemmas
Out of the 4 kindles we have bought 3 of the screens have failed and after posting this on facebook it appears to be a very common problem which amazon will fix if the device is in warranty but then only give 90 days worth of warranty on the replacement. We live in a Mediterranean climate and heat was attributed to the cause however the third one failed on a 28 deg (82.4F) day...pathetic.
"I purchased this Kindle to replace a three year old Kindle that quit working.  After setting it up I found that it would not open some books and games that had been purchased from Amazon and were on the old Kindle.  After spending 2 hours on the telephone with three different Amazon ""customer service"" people the third one finally admitted that the new Kindle without the keyboard would not open everything that the Kindle with a keyboard would open.  It took 10 days to receive the new replacement Kindle and two days and two hours on the telephone to wrap it up and return it. Buyer beware!!!"
This is a review of what happens when a kindle product (in this case a Kindle Keyboard) goes wrong.
I have had a Kindle for approx 1.5yrs. I really did enjoy it and was able to have a lot of content on it but not a bulky item to carry around. Then one day I was trying to charge it and it was not charging off my computer but I could charge it from a outlet. Then the next time I turned it on I had lines all through my screen. I took the time to research this and it seems to be a common problem with the Kindle at about the 1.5yr mark. I contacted Amazon as I have always had a great experiance with Amazon and think that their customer service is superiour to others. Well I didn't have such a experiance this time. They would not replace it as it has a 1yr warrenty and they would only offer 20% on 2 nearly obsolete Kindles. I have several freinds as well that have had to replace their Kindles including a Kindle fire. I payed around $150 for my Kindle and feel that I should get more than 1.5yrs out of a item for that much money and a 20% discount doesn't even begin to offer a reasonable replacement option. So let this just be a heads up that when you buy a Kindle it is a disposible item and don't expect it to last any amount of time.
"I bought two (his and hers) cheap 6"" kindles for the convenience of having a number of books while traveling. Undoubtedly this is the primary purpose of a kindle. I like being able to tuck the object into my coat pocket and I like that the recharging cycle is several days, even weeks. The drawbacks however are many."
"I've been using my Kindle extensively for a year now, so here are some of the things that I liked and did not like..."
"The text on this device is crisp and easy to read.  Page turns are almost instant upon pressing page turn buttons on the side.  Product was easy to use with function buttons on the center-bottom of the unit.  If you do not have an e-reader, and you are considering getting one, this is a good one."
"Ordered a week ago to take on vacation after fascination with my husband's Kindle Touch. Thought that the Amazon route be swiftest with its preregistration. Several things. It refuses to let me get connected to my own WiFi. It finds the network, I enter password, then enter ""connect."""
"I purchased this reader about a year ago, and the screen went bad in about 4 months. I got another under the warranty, and about 2 months later that one went bad the same way. I received the warranty replacement, and it went bad the same way within 30 days. I received the warranty replacement, and it went bad the same way before I even finished charcing it. Buy at your own risk!!!!!"
"I owned a Kindle keyboard, I truly loved reading from it, and listening to audio books as well."
I previously had the Kindle 3 3g that I loved. However I soon moved on to a tablet with the kindle app so I didn't think I needed a kindle anymore. After giving my first kindle to my mother I soon came to realise the the real kindle is still the best way to read books. Since I have other ways to search amazon for books the most simple of the devices seemed just right for me. I wasn't wrong. Love having a real kindle again.
"At the price point of $69 for the ad supported Kindle, it is a bargain and one can't go wrong at this price point.  Personally I prefer the non-touch button driven page turn of the Kindle basic as there is no way to accidentally trigger a page turn while holding the Kindle.  Additionally, the way the page turn button is activated, it is difficult to accidentally trigger that on this model - which is a plus point."
"I've had three keyboard kindles in 3 years. All have failed...All after light use. From my experience this is an inferior product. Perhaps the Kindle Fire is a better product, but I wouldn't take that chance. I will be purchasing another e-reader, but from a company other than Amazon."
For my birthday I received this item and have to say that it has made reading for me much more enjoyable.  It saves the hassle of having to go to a store everytime you want a new book to read which makes it great just with that but I also like that I dont have piles of books everywhere in my house.  I was never much of a reader before receiving this item one because of the hassle of always needing to buy new books but also because books to me were always too bulky to carry around with me.  For anyone who likes to read who has not purchased a kindle yet I would recommend it to everyone!
"I find that using many of the features provided on the Kindle is very awkward.  For instance, it would be very time consuming to take notes.  The highlighting system is not very intuitive.  That said, I am very happy with the purchase.  The price is certainly right.  It is great for straight reading because it is much easier on the eyes than backlit readers.  The Kindle is small and very light.  It is no more cumbersome than carrying around a mobile phone, yet much more useful for reading purposes.  I previously used  my husband's large screen version of an earlier Kindle (I believe it was called DX).  I was very dubious that I could read comfortably on this small screen, but that is not at all the case. This Kindle is perfect for travel and great for home use as well."
"The screen really pops on the black model. I also own the other color basic Kindle. Side by side there is a striking difference in the screen's background (much lighter on the black Kindle) and crisper text. I find the reading experience far superior to that provided by the Paperwhite. It's easier on the eyes, doesn't have color splotches messing up the screen, and there isn't that surreal bluish glow across the screen even when the light is turned all the way down. I'm very happy I gave up on the Paperwhite and returned to the basic Kindle."
"First of all, the Kindle is awsome..."
"Recently, I decided to take up my hobby of reading again. Since I am on the go more often than not and do not want to stack up on numerous books, I decided to invest in an e-book reader. I had actually been struggling with this decision for days because I did not know which model to get. Once these new models came out in black and the cheapest one was put up for only $69.99, I decided to go for it. After a few weeks of using the device, I've noticed a few things I'd like to share."
