***Updates To My Review At The End***
"I'm a student. I need something to carry around that I won't worry about losing, breaking, or someone stealing. I won't bring my Apple laptop to school due to theft increases lately. On that note, I wanted something for web browsing, typing papers in the library egg chairs and had a keyboard/trackpad combo. I found it."
"I'm based in the UK and bought my unit there. However, physically this model is nearly identical to ours (to my knowledge only the keyboard layout and socket you need for charging it differs) and I've been using Chrome OS and previous Chrome hardware for a while, so I thought I'd give my take on this device."
"Got my new Chromebook yesterday and was really excited to have an alternative device that I could type on.  99% of my computer time is while connected and the offline apps will be more than sufficient for this backup computer.  Setup went very smooth.  The screen looks like something from a laptop 5-8 years ago.  Others have mentioned the viewing angle, but you also have to constantly adjust the screen tilt.  I imagine alot of the cost savings were related to the screen.  I immediately noticed that I have one dead pixel near the center of the screen.  I have not decided if I will return for this issue."
"Like the previous reviewer, I purchased this from the Google Play store for my wife. I got tired of her using my new iPad, so I figured this would be an inexpensive solution to the problem. Quite honestly, I wasn't expecting much, considering the ridiculously low price. I'm very impressed with the technology and simplicity that went into its design. This Google/Samsung Chromebook is really quite amazing. The first thing that you'll notice is that it's extremely lightweight and is very uncomplicated. This is something that my 87 year old mother-in-law would be able to use right out of the box. Since she's never used a computer before, that says a lot. Many of the everyday apps that you use on a daily basis, are preloaded into the device. It comes with things like YouTube, Gmail and other Google products, and there are literally thousands of free apps available. It starts up very quickly and according to Google, updates are installed automatically. I've found all applications to run smoothly and quickly. The fact that it comes with a regular keyboard is a tremendous plus and the touch-pad works flawlessly. While the screen isn't the most impressive that I've ever seen, it is certainly more than adequate. I will continue to use my iPad, but now that I also have this, my wife will have her own travel size computer to use. All in all, this device offers far more than I expected. I didn't give it a great deal of thought when I purchased it, as it's not going to be used by me. Now, after running it through the paces, I'm really in awe that something as inexpensive as this could do so many things. While the iPad and this device are different animals, this Chromebook is more than capable of performing many of the things that my iPad is capable of doing. I don't think there's any way you can possibly go wrong purchasing this sleek looking device. I've purchased many products from Samsung in the past and have always been impressed with their quality and durability. Since this is a new computer, it's impossible to say if any problems will arise, but based on past experience, I have no doubt that this will be real workhorse and will last for years. At the price that it's being sold for, it's almost disposable when something newer comes along. The bottom line is that you'll be very impressed with this product, and you'll be in awe how they could have built so much into such an inexpensive computer. I give it 5 stars. My wife gives it 5 stars too, now that I finally let her use it."
Anybody who is really upset by their chromebook isn't being realistic. THIS PRODUCT IS FOR CLOUD USERS!! If you use google drive  and google docs then this is going to be a breeze for you. I am a college student and use evernote for everything school related and i can honestly say this is the smartest purchase i have made (except for evernote premium). The awesome battery life (6-8 hours) makes it a no brainer compared to the Acer version (3-3.5 hours) in my opinion. Everything i do is cloud based however and i feel like if you are not living in some sort of cloud ecosystem then this is NOT for you.
"When my old laptop conked off, I needed a laptop to use around the house. I also recently started commuting by train to work so wanted to buy a small, light laptop that I could take with me and check email or facebook or read the news, surf the web etc. on the train. I also wanted a real keyboard for the occasional work-related email, so the iPad was out. When this Chromebook got announced I was pretty excited since it really fit all my criteria - light, quick to boot and so on. I received it a couple of hours back and I have to admit its really nice."
"I've had my Chromebook for about two weeks now and have given it an ""average use"" test run on it over that time. It does what I wanted it to do, has the limitations I'd expected from the reviews I'd read, and is generally excellent value for the price."
"Not since the early 1990's have I considered using a different OS other than Windows.  But today is a new day and after many years of having my explorer freeze up or the constant update notification, I was ready for something else!  I've dabbed in Linux and apple but Linux felt unfinished and Macs are simply over priced for the extra benefit.  Here comes chrome OS at a price of $249 for a laptop that looks much more expensive and performs well."
"Others have commented about the new Chromebook hardware, and the browser is well-known already (it operates identically on the Chromebook), so I'll comment about the OS features outside of the browser, about which very little information is available. Bear in mind that Google updates the OS frequently, so anything I say is subject to change at any time."
"I really love my macbook air, and I seriously considered buying another one for my kids to use. Then this little guy showed up. I was sold when Engadget said it was 80% of the macbook air experience at a fraction of the price. I'd say it's more like 60% of the macbook air experience, but that's still an incredible deal for the price."
"I just got the new Chromebook from a nearby Bestbuy store and my first impressions are that this is an amazing value for 250 dollars. The build quality is well constructed, although it does not have the premium feeling a laptop like the Macbook Air. However, there is no flex to the machine and the keyboard/trackpad are top notch. The display does not have wide viewing angles, although this shouldn't be too much of a problem unless if it is just you using the laptop. The battery life so far has been impressive since with about four hours of use, it has gone done about 56 %. i will update this review after a couple more weeks of using it as my primary laptop. One concern I do have is the charger is not as durable as I would like and I am not sure how it will fair in long term use, but I will update this review if I experience any problems with it. As far as Chrome OS, I have used both the Mac operating system as well as Windows and I am quite pleased with the experiences I have had on my chromebook so far. Google docs, which comes preloaded on the Chromebook, is a fantastic substitute for Microsoft Word and it works well even if the computer is offline. Adobe flash is already installed on the computer and the performance is quite good for video watching and flash websites such as Amazon Instant Video. I would suggest downloading the application Adblock from the Chrome Web store because it will stop any flash ads from popping up, which I have generally found to decrease the performance of loading a website. Unless you are heavy gamer or do a lot of video/photo editing, I would highly recommend this product."
The Chromebook.
A review of the new $ 249 Google Chrome Book
"I had bought the Samsung 550 (and have reviewed that too). I've been very happy with the 550, but when this new version was released at only $249 I couldn't resist buying it (I'm married to a geek, so you can never have too many gadgets around the house)."
"This computer is not meant to be a desktop replacement. It is not for everyone, either, as Google's ad states. However, it is a computer that can be utilized by many people. I'll talk about the following aspects of the computer in this review: 1. Keyboard 2. Trackpad 3. Screen 4. Performance 5. What can people use it for in general? 6. Price, build quality and wrap-up"
"(since this Chromebook was sold out on Amazon, I bought it at my local Best Buy)"
"I have purchased many, many, many things from Amazon however this is my first time I have placed a review."
"Although it took a little getting used to, I have quickly become attached to my Chromebook. I use my Mac for hours every day for work, and of course it is my favorite. My Chromebook however, has quickly become my ""anything but design or coding"" computer. I've had no issue with the lack of native apps or programs, as I can quickly pop open Chrome Remote Desktop and have my Mac in full screen."
The Samsung chromebook is a solid accessory for laptop users who want a lightweight alternative that provides more functionality than most tablets and smartphones.  The only thing to keep in mind is that this is a connected product that depends on a connection to the Google online services to be useful.
---------------------------------------------------------------
"I've been living with my Chromebook (CB) for a few days and without going as deep as some here, here's some bullet points:"
"Just got my Chromebook this afternoon. I've fiddled with it nonstop for about 5 hours and have come away quite pleased. First let's describe what this is: a cheap laptop to browse the web and send a few emails while using a lightweight Linux based, Google developed OS - Chrome OS. Having said that, I sent some emails, I browsed the web non-stop, watched a 1080p video, configured a couple VPNs, connected to 5Ghz 802.11n and did a speed test on my home network, and listened to Pandora nonstop, all while having it unplugged (after a full charge of course) to see how the battery held up. Here's what happened."
"Had I reviewed this computer 2 weeks ago I would have given it 4 stars (taking 1 start away for it not being able to run Netflix yet, though a whole star seems harsh). It's amazingly light. It boots up fast as lightning. It's taking some getting used to not having any storage space other then online, but obviously I knew that was the case when I bought it. It worked great for about 3 weeks. Then all of a sudden it started to freeze or the browser would shut down. My first review it shut down in the middle of typing in fact *update - it has now happened twice in writing this review*. I timed it and I get 6 - 10 minutes of active time before it freezes or shuts down. It literally froze in the middle of typing an email."
"I bought this after not wanting to lug my 15"" laptop to a 4-day conference, and so I took rather illegible hand-written notes instead. I noticed that many in the group were using netbooks or ultrabooks for this purpose."
"Overall I really love my Chromebook. I'm very familiar with Chrome and use Google's products daily, so it was easy to adopt to. The keyboard is actually much better than I expected. Very comfortable and responsive. I like the ease of use overall and think it was money well spent."
I am a long time Mac user and find the Chromebook and the Chrome OS very usable. Here are my initial thoughts after a couple days...
"Do you really need to spend $1,000 on a MacBook Air (and yes, I have one)? If you don't define yourself by a brand, then I think the answer is, maybe not."
"I am director of a small publishing house. I've been using a $1,000 MacBook Pro 11.6 (Lion) laptop for over a year, with the Chrome browser, Gmail, and GoogleDrive as my online backup for laptop-based files of importance. I got accustomed to the trackpad (I switched the scrolling direction) and haven't used a mouse since I got my Mac. I do book production and cover design on it, sitting in the living room recliner (too far from an electrical outlet to use the adapter) but the battery runs down pretty quickly."
"The chromebook is exactly what a netbook should have been.  It is basically a cheap device that lets you surf the internet with the convenience of a keyboard....nothing more and nothing less.  I actually prefer this to an ipad or any other tablet for two simple reason.  1) it is half the price of an ipad and 2) it has a physical keyboard.  By no means does the device feel cheap.  I would say you are getting far more quality than $250 worth.  The best way to describe the keyboard would be a that of a macbook air, but slightly cheaper feeling (more plastic).  The trackpad is also very good...better than 3/4 of the ones on current PC's.  I am use to using a mac, so you can change the trackpad to scroll similarly by going to trackpad settings in the chrome browser and choosing ""enable simple scrolling""."
"I was so excited to get my chromebook for Christmas, yet have been nothing but disappointed. The unit has never worked properly, continually crashing, reseting, and not connecting to WiFi. I have tried all available fixes, including searching online for help. I have installed updates, reset the device, restored the device to factory settings and nothing works. It continues to shut down and reset itself every few minutes, making it not usable. I finally resorted to returning it to Amazon, and found it past the return date, with no customer service to help make it right. I spent $250 on a big paper weight. I am dissapointed that Amazon wont help to replace a defective product."
"This thing is unusable.  The browser crashes every 10 to 15 minutes.  I tried restoring to factory settings, but it made no difference.  The first crash happened literally seconds after I turned it on.  Don't expect any support from Google for their buggy operating system.  There's no way to talk to anyone on the phone.  You can email them and wait for days for a response.  In my case, they recommended I delete my addons/extensions.  I use a moderate number of extensions in my Chrome profile (things like adblock, a weather widget, Lastpass, a screen shot tool, etc).  Nothing too crazy.  I wasn't going to delete them because Google's unstable, bug-ridden operating system can't handle them.  So I returned it."
Pros-
"Can't add much more technical details - plenty of people have covered it.  However, want to make clear to people considering this purchase: know what you are buying.  You cannot run Windows applications and if you need to, get something else.  Personally, I was already entrenched in the Google web apps - have used GDocs exclusively for a couple of years.  If you work on several devices, GDrive is the easiest ever.  My last netbook was an Asus.  I consider this along the lines of a netbook as it is lightweight and inexpensive. It has a perfect size for my older eyes in comparison to my netbook- it seems much bigger. It works great.  No, the screen is not the absolute best. No, it is not made of aluminum, but it feels as sturdy as any laptop/netbook I have owned.  For 250 bucks, this is looovely! I am very happy with this purchase."
I'm writing this review on this chromebook (WiFi only version). I really like this little computer for most tasks.
"I so wanted to love this device and give it a high rating but there are some issues.  Actually, near as I can tell, one big issue that cost it the 5-star rating it should get."
"Purchased for my 7th grader who's school has moved the students to google apps for email and writing assignments, etc.  For $250 it gets her off my and my wife's laptops.  Pretty awesome so far.  She logins in to google with her .edu and all her work is there from google drive.  Could be the perfect homework machine.  Happy kid, happy parents, $250!"
"I received this a day back and am overall satisfied. Could have been better but I accept the product with its limitations and still see inherent value in its price point in recommending it, albeit to a different audience."
"The Samsung Chromebook (Series 3 - late 2012) is a pretty great device, only if you can operate on the web alone. Offline capability is fairly weak, consisting of a few offline sync systems and limited media playback. The design is very sleek, the screen isn't amazing but it is a fairly high quality panel and 1366x768 @ 11.6"" is a decent pixel density.  Speakers are pretty mediocre, but I wasn't expecting much. The processor in this is ARM based, a Cortex-A15 PoP SoC, the Exynos 5250. This means that the processor is very efficient and the device is dead silent, requiring no fan.  It's also very capable, all things considered.  Videos and web browsing may not be as smooth as an iPad in many cases. All in all I feel like the hardware is a steal at $249, but Google wants you to live in their ecosystem. If you can't do that, it's probably not for you."
"From the time this product was announced, I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. A laptop revolved around a web browser with 1000's of apps is a genius idea and to put at $250 price tag with it made it even better."
