"I have had several LG Tracfones in the past and they were always quality products.  The LG840g is no exception.  I got mine to replace a LG500g that I had for over a year.  After one week, here are my impressions."
"If you are wanting a REAL smartphone phone to connect to the internet, surf the web, check e-mails etc. this phone is not for you.  If you are wanting a phone that is WAY better than the flip phone you previously had through Tracfone (plus triple minutes for life!) than it is well worth the $45.00.  I've been a tracfone guy for 10 years.  I have a land line, I have a computer at work & home and a laptop I can travel with.  I don't talk on the phone or text that much (200 minutes a month if I'm lucky).  I just couldn't justify a REAL smart phone like an Iphone or droid and a $50+ a month bill when i'm paying less than $15 now.  I mainly got this phone because frankly I was embarrased to be seen talking on my flip phone and texting was a joke without a keyboard.  I HAVE connected to the internet but you have to jump through so many hoops it really isn't worth it and that's with the Wi Fi. I wouldn't even waste my minutes trying to get on the internet with 3G. I loaded my Mp3's on it, can take pictures and video and it LOOKS like everybody elses smartphone.  It doesn't have some features that I would have liked like voice activated dialing and some other things.  The real thing I don't like is the fact that when a call comes in it becomes ""unlocked"", you don't have to finger slide it to unlock it like my wife's smartphone so it is easy to accidently either answer it without wanting to or reject call just by reaching into your pocket to grab it.  I could have switched to Virgin and paid $35.00 a month and $400 for an Iphone but for my line of work where I am in the office most of the time and next to my computer it really doesn't make sense at this time, maybe someday, but for now I'm happy with my $45.00 aquisition."
"If you're not me and you don't require a super fancy phone with tons of gadgets, widgets and apps and you're just looking for a phone that will get the job done, then look no further than this phone.  It's a very good phone and it gets great reception no matter where I'm at, inside or outside.  This little baby has 5 bars of strong signal everywhere I use it.  And while it's not one of the ""I just gotta have it"" phones, you won't be disappointed by it's functionality.  It has everything you need from a pretty decent camera with a zoom function, Wi-Fi, 3G, Games, and a Music Player.  This phone comes with a 2GB mini storage card but it has the capability to use up to a 32gb card.  The storage card is used for your music.  You download your tunes to the card, put the card into the phone and viola, you have music on your phone.  Not hard to do.  It's a good deal at a great price."
"OMG I love this cell phone more than I thought I would!  Easy to use, loaded with features, the reception is great, and the volume is the best of any cell phone I have ever had!  I now use this as my main MP3 player as well.....I put in a 32 GB Micro SD card and have plenty of room for all I need on this phone.  The re-charge time so far is very good....seems I only need to re-charge it like once every 7 days or so depending on how much playtime I give it.  And this phone was delivered super fast to me which I truly appreciated!!  I have loaded this phone with .jar apps and have had no problems getting them to work. Fantstic phone I highly recommend and a great company from which I purchased it from."
"If you're expecting an iPhone 5 Smartphone at a bargain basement price, forget it, but if you want a no contract no hassle ""Streetwise"" phone that won't cost a few mortgage payments to maintain each year, this is the phone for you. Light-years ahead of any previous Tracfone offering (my opinion) this is the best phone I've had since my contract driven Motorola RAZR. In fact this phone does one better with it's WiFi capability with which it instantly found available networks and connected to my home network in a flash after I entered the WEP code. I also used it with public networks with no problem. So if you have a WiFi connection problem as some may have indicated, the problem is with you or your network. The touch screen requires a light touch and is very responsive, it took a little getting used to compared to the heavy handed operation of my previous LG800g. The look and feel of this phone make it worth every penny and it won't embarrass you in public. In fact the only indication of it being a prepaid phone is a tiny obscure Tracfone symbol on the lower back case that at quick glance could be mistaken for the Apple Logo. Update: FYI, be sure you are connected to a WiFi network if you intend to connect to the internet without using up Airtime. If the phone sees no WiFi connection when you open the browser it will connect via the cellular network and your minutes will begin to be used immediately. Simply turning on WiFi from the quick drop down menu may not automatically connect to a network. Use the WiFi icon from the main screen and the WiFi screen will open instantly to show available networks and will automatically connect to your home or any network previously set up to do so. Once you've established that you are connected via WiFi you can be certain the phone will connect you via the WiFi connection and not cellular. Also I downloaded and installed  the Opera Mini 7.1 browser and found it to not be worth the time. Opera is sluggish and does not offer widescreen viewing and about a third of the screen you do have is taken up with a nav bar that you cannot hide. It offers a QWERTY keyboard that is squished compared to the widescreen version already on the phone. I found the phone QWERTY keyboard is available for most all input including adding recipients to your email.  So with that I uninstalled Opera; stick with the Tracfone browser until something better comes along. I did manage to set up the email client on the phone to use my Gmail account. The sound, reception and overall performance of the phone is exceptional especially when considering the price."
"The new Tracfone LG 840G touchscreen is by far the best ""poor man's"" phone out there. I have no major complaints with this phone since I bought it for $30 just before Black Friday, 2012."
The LG840G is defiantly a step up from the previous phones tracfone has offered. The phone is not a smart phone and sadly the adverts show the Android bot infront of the phone leaving you believe it is Android powered. The phone is still designed to look and work more like a android phone than the ones in the past. The wifi is a nice feature letting you browse the web without using minutes and also for me not having to switch from a ipod to my phone. The tracfone browser has been changed from .50 minutes for every minute online to how much data is being used which is  more forgiving as before you would be instantly charged .50 minutes just to access the web. The 3G is a nice feature that only a few will use but makes you feel that you are on a smartphone. If you have a old flip phone or even a LG800 this phone is a great buy for someone who doesnt use the phone enough to justify a plan. Beware that tracfone may be releasing better and possibly real smart phones in the summer/fall of 2013
I am a Tracfone fan and had a basic Motorola phone but wanted to be able to access email and the internet when traveling.  I liked the fact this one had 3G and WiFi as well as triple minutes for life.  It is a well built phone.  I already had a USB to micro USB cable and car 12V plug so didn't need to buy one of those.  I spent the first couple days playing around with the Browser over my home WiFi (phone not activated yet).  I saw on youtube how to download the Opera Mini browser and easily did that.  Admittedly the viewing screen for the web is small but it works ok.  I set up my gmail easily in Opera Mini and like the interface there.  After I activated the phone I set it up on the phone's email app which is also decent.
"Being a college student I don't have much leisure money and would love to have an iphone, but since I don't make have much money as is- I've been with Tracfone going on a year. I started off with a cruddy phone of theirs and just purchased this one after looking for phones with WIFI and 3G and I came across this beauty. Did free super saver shipping and received it earlier then expected. Seems the only negative comments are from people who don't have service in their area ( make sure you check their service map if your going to be a new user on the network) and from people who couldn't activate it which is the easiest thing to do."
"I have a lot of great things to say about this phone. First, I'll tell you a little about me so you can get an idea of where this review is coming from. I'm a 30 year old guy, and I've loved technology all my life. My family got our first computer when I was about 5 in the 80s, so I got started from a young age and it has just continued since then. I'm a geek of sorts and have always been somewhat obsessed with phones of all types. I've a vast amount of knowledge from both research and personal experience. Between prepaid and postpaid accounts, different carriers, etc... I've probably had close to 20 cell phones already!"
"Switched from a Tracfone 500G to the 840G and have not looked back. The only issue I had was connecting to my Netgear wireless...I could connect to the Wifi at Target...but not at home! What I was doing was entering the numbers of my router password from the standard qwerty key board...when I switched to the numbers keyboard and entered the numbers...it logged on immediately.  I note this as I see others are having this problem, and thought this simple solution may help them."
"I've been a TracFone customer for well over ten years now, and for good reason. I especially like TracFone's 'use as you go' policy and ease of adding minutes and time, and you can't beat the TRIPLE minutes for life offer of this specific phone!  I upgraded to this phone because I wanted to retire my older LG 'flip phone' for current touch screen technology, and to have better video and photo capability. I only use my cell phone to contact my family every now and then (when I need to), and I carry one for emergencies. I don't use it frivolously, and i'm not a 'power user' or texter, so I didn't need an extended contract or iPHONE 5. This is a GREAT little phone, with an excellent sized screen. I always use 'speakerphone' to minimize dangerous up-close RF radiation emissions, and the audio quality both on send and recieve is excellent. Voicemail is easy to set up and use. Coverage is better than my wife's AT&T; (iPHONE 5) here in the NE Ohio area too. The touch screen is fantastic, and the interface very easy and intuitive to use. The photo and video quality is good as well. If you are into texting, the touch screen keyboard is sized generously, and works quite well. The phone also imports MP3 music files and has built in Wi-Fi as well (no charge for Wi-Fi, of course)! All in all, a well engineered, intuitive little touch screen phone that offers great value and functionality!"
I really enjoy this phone and the triple minutes; really come in handy. But the thing that I really like is that iphone 4 cases fit on it. If you're wondering how big it is it is the size of an iphone 4 or 4s. Thank you tracfone!!!!
"First, if you are looking for a smart phone, you are in the wrong place.  This isn't an Android or iPhone.  It has it's own proprietary operating system."
I have used TrakPhone's for years this is my 4th phone. I have always got good signal service and great customer service. The only reason I have been through 4 phones is because I upgrade as new and better features become available.
"I bought this phone because I wanted a touch screen. I've had it for about 2 weeks now. I found it easy to use after just a day or so of playing around with it. I use it mainly for texting and calls. It's not an internet phone because it's only 3G and too slow for that. However,You can access the internet via WiFi which helps with the speed. The camera is adequate for my purposes. If I want better pictures I'll use my camera. I had a 4GB storage card from a previous phone that had music and pictures on it. I put that in and was able to listen to my music and view my photos. It also has 3 home screens that give you access to contacts, widgets and shortcuts. All 3 screens are customizeable. This phone is a terrific upgrade from the other inadequate phones Tracfone sells. Plus you get triple minutes. I also bought a pack of screen protectors and a silicone jelly skin cover for the phone to help protect it. I HIGHLY recommend this phone for all you Tracfoners out there."
"I chose this rating because this phone is everything i wanted in an upgrade. I know it is not a smart phone and if I would have wanted one of them I would have went with a contract phone. I have been a tracfone user for 10 years and am completely satisified with this company and service for my needs. I needed a little help first starting it up but after that it was a breeze to use. If you are going to do a lot of things on the internet, I do not suggest this phone as the minutes will shrink fast but if you want a touch screen phone to text and talk I highly recommend this phone."
"This is a feature phone, not a smartphone.  It isn't an Android (R) or iPhone (R) and cannot use their apps.  To get apps for this phone, you go to getjar.com.  There are some good ones to choose from."
"I was paying AT&T; around $200/mo for 2 iPhones sharing 350 minutes per month (which we never exhausted). I decided to dump AT&T.; I do still use my iPhone over WiFi at home with the Talkatone app for free/cheap calls & texts (I work at home) but I needed a phone to use away from home. I purchased the 840g here, then found a really good package deal with 1400 minutes/triple minutes/1 year of service on a site that offers ""flexpay"" and bought that with the intention of returning this one. I then decided to keep it for the extra battery, charger cable and battery cover. I just swap out the battery when it runs down. Battery life is really good compared to the iPhone, which I have to charge daily even if I don't use the phone. I like the touch screen. Its value is basically swifter menu navigation. I don't use the 3g browser unless I want to kill 5 minutes or so when I am waiting for someone in my car. The web browser's home page links are crowded together and it is too easy to hit the wrong link, causing the browser to load the wrong page. Then you have to clumsily navigate back to the home screen and try again. Pros: A good, solid phone for texting and talking and 3g web access if nothing better is available. I like that the ringer volume is nice and loud (adjustable). Battery life is great. Cons: 1) Text messages are not displayed in a continuous scroll as on a smartphone. Instead, the Tracfone screen pops up, confirming how much you were debited for each message sent. 2) The battery cover is the most brittle, cheap plastic imaginable. Glad I have a couple of extras in case this one cracks. 3) There are no cases specifically for this phone. I use a cheap leather pouch (B009HOSU8E) for mine then slip it into my purse. For my minimal cellphone needs this is a great phone."
My first experience with a 'smart' phone. The finger touch is very very light and subject to incorrect entries. Even the slightest pass over the face will activate some other application than intended.
I am astounded that Tracfone would allow this wifi phone to be sold in their plan.
"This phone is great.  I give the phone 5 stars.  I rate the Tracfone customer service as ZERO.  Tracfone customer service is simply awful.  The problem I had with customer service is that none if the employees had a clue as to how to port my old cell phone number to the Tracfone.  There is a feature on the Tracfone website that supposedly allows an existing phone number to be transfered to a new Tracfone.  This feature is useless because after all the information is submitted nothing happens. After waiting three days for Tracfone to activate the phone, I called customer service.  I was informed that I needed a different SIM card for the old number to be ported.  After 5 days I received the new SIM card via FedEx.  After installation of the new SIM card, the phone did not activate.  I called Tracfone again and after being passed around 4 times to various people who did not have a clue on how to activate the phone, finally I was passed to a lady that told me that I needed to remove the new SIM card and reinstall the one that orgiinally came with the phone.  She was able to activate the phone after 45 minutes of trying.  I would recommend the phone only with the condition that it be shipped with a new working phone number.  Do not attempt to have Tracfone port your existing number to a new phone."
"I cold not get tracfone to understand my problem with the lg800g I orderd, so I ordered this one.  It has more features and is easier to use than the 800G was.  I have had no problems with this one.  I should have bought it first."
"So far, I am thrilled with Tracfone and this phone is perfect for me. I have had Tracfone service for about 6 months now and not a single issue ! My first phone was the 9.00 one from Target. No complaints on that one. Bought a new car that can bluetooth so I decided to upgrade the phone. And when I saw this was triple minutes! That's a triple win! Also bought a year of services card and minutes. This phone Bluetooth connects to the 2012 Camry with no issues. It will also provide music storage and play back thru the car system ( and does not cost any minutes) I have this phone hooked to my home WIFI also < No minutes used for the web) However, I have a Kindle Fire so I do not think I will be using this at home for the web much really. I also have WiFi at my favorite watering hole < no minute cost for the web> So this is a GREAT deal. Tracfone connectivity has never been a issue. It is MUCH better than my old contracted provided. to the point of no comparison really !!!"
"Bought one of these for my wife and paid $59.95 for it a Walmart.  This is the exact same phone for a lot less. We have used track phones for years and save money and generally get excellent service. Matter of fact,I often can get service where my friends using regular carriers can't. To be fair,this phone although a big step up from our previous track phone is,by smart phone standards not real smart. If your looking for a lot of bells and whistles this phone might not be for you. Read the feature list carefully.  The only error I have run into so far as to its capabilities is it will only handle a 4GB music memory card not a 32GB card like the instruction manual says. Anything over 4GB will crash the SIM card.  Otherwise everything works as advertised and I would recommend this phone and the service(and have) with few reservations. Shipping was fast and the packaging was first class. Thanks Amazon,as usual you did not disappoint."
"Whether you just need a cell phone to have on hand and not use much, or need a reliable phone with some extra features, this could be your phone.  At forty bucks with triple minutes for life, the 840G is just cheap enough to have for minimal use, plus, you get all kinds of useful features if you need them."
"Very nice phone..easy to use. The ring tone is very loud and the signal is always strong. I live in an extreme rural area and my signal is always there, never have any dropped calls. I am also not very good with electronics and this phone is easy for me to operate and also has a long battery life, only needs charged every other week. After I had mine for a few weeks, I bought one for my husband."
"We purchased this phone for our 11 year old. He's got everything he needs in it. A phone, a camera and text capabilities.  He's home schooled so there's no need to ""keep up with the Jones"" like other kids in school.  He uses it only to contact his family or close friends."
"Great phone to make calls on. If you don't believe that all there is to life is the internet and e mail, this phone is for you. aif you're in need of a status sybol buy an I-phone or android. If you want a good phone at a great price, this is it."
Needed to update my phone. I don't use my cell as much anymore and I was tired of buy $30 phone cards every month and not hardly using it. With this phone I get triple minutes and I don't feel like I'm throwing away my money! Very nice phone. Love it!
"this is a great phone, this replaces my samsung s390g which would dial 911 on its own!"
Me and my wife both got this phone and done away with our Verizon Wireless plans and phones. We both are just tickled about these phones and how easy they were to set up and how much cheaper it is yo use than what we had before we also are so impressed how good the reception and coverage is. Before my wife had problems calling me from her job because of coverage problems but NO MORE! She has excellent reception everywhere she goes now and I feel so much better about it also. I highly recommend this phone you will not regret it.
I like Tracfone for the price and coverage
"Great size phone with a sensitive touch screen.  Far better then the LG800 that I had before.  This phone is very close to a android in feel and touch.  Transferred all my contacts using Bluetooth from my LG800 phone to this one.  Only found one thing that it wouldn't do, is change from listing my contacts by first name only.  Tracfone told me that if I wanted to list contacts by last name, I would have to put their last name in the first name window and their first name in the last name window, when adding names to my list.  Everthing else is great!!"
i got what i purchased for. im very glad for the speedy delivery by the seller. Amazon.com rocks!!! But always make sure you buy the thing you want. always read the revews
I haven't used this much since I just recently got it. I have noticed that receiving calls is a bit of a problem. I can't hear the person very well. I have raised the volume. I had the LG 800 which I hated. The 840G is much easier (and fun!) to use.
"great product, does just what I wanted of lmy phone.  Downside is that the touch screen is super sensitive.I would rcommend it however"
This is so much better than the cheap trac phone I had before and I like that It has so many features on it.  I don't make very many phone calls but like that I will have it in an emergency or on a trip and it has triple minutes.
