"The PS3 is a great system. Easy to use, futuristic on-screen interface, quality sleek hardware, awesome graphics, lots of benefits. But should you get a PS3 or Xbox 360? And what about the Wii?"
"I just bought the PS3 slim a week before posting this review and I'm extremely happy with it. To be honest, I'm not a gamer and may never buy a game for the PS3, I bought it strictly for its streaming video and blu-ray playback capabilities, in my opinion it is the best."
"Let me give a little bit of background before diving into a review.  When the original NES came out, I was hooked.  I didn't think anything could be better than Super Mario Bros.  Then there was the Sega Genesis...and as I entered college, the original Playstation.  Wow!"
"I recently purchased my first Play Station 3 last week on Saturday, February 12, 2011, and I have loved having it. I primarily purchased the PS3 for its DVD, Blu Ray, and Online Media capabilities like streaming movies from Netflix and Hulu Plus because I wanted an all-in-one device than can do pretty much everything I want, and the PS3 has lived up to my expectations, thus far. Here are the best and worst features that I have found about my PS3:"
This is rather long.  So prepare!!!!
"Yes I sold my Xbox slim 4GB and bought this PS3 for about 3 months so far, couldn't be more pleased. Here is my simple review and comparison between the two:"
I wanted to write this review from the standpoint of comparing the PlayStation 3 to the Xbox 360. now I own both systems but I play the PS3 more (mostly because I'm a quadriplegic and I can't really use the Xbox 360 controller) if you want to see me playing with my face search AskACapper on YouTube.
"In this review I am going to cover the Play Station 3, the Xbox 360, and the Nintendo Wii. Hopefully by the end of this review you have a pretty good though on which console is the right one for you. Without further hesitation, here is the main review..."
"Bought my first PS3 when they first came out, great unit features wise.  But it broke, something bout a blue chip inside, no worries they fixed it.  Then it went out of warranty and started overheating, it was time to upgrade to the next model, I was running out of room on the 80Gb HDD anyways, got the 250gb, which is an inferior machine more cheaply made, and less features.  So I bought my oldest son one for xmas this year, a 160gb.  The HDMI connection on it was so cheaply assembled that it literally came apart at the housing after 1 week (we would've noticed sooner but we were using the other cords until we bought a cable).  So I sent it in, that 1 month membership that you get to ps plus was wasted sitting in service the entire time, when I got this brand new unit back from service ages after I sent it in, came back with a huge scratch on the back, service dept scraped a screwdriver or something across the back of it.  so I called them on it, unwilling to do anything about the plus membership that I got screwed on, and get this.  They told me that cosmetic damage does not affect the units playability or value.  I said the same thing back to him in lamens terms....""screw you too""."
"Never reviewed a game console before, but I felt the PS3 is deserving of one."
"We got out Playstation 3 console for Christmas in 2009, right around the time we went out a bought a really gorgeous 42"" plasma tv.  This was going to be a huge step up from the 19"" mini set we had before.  My boyfriend and I were poor college students at the time and didn't want to invest in costly cable television service."
"It is a rock solid hardware platform to watch BD movies, play awesome games, in a cost effective solution for the family. Personally I've installed in my bedroom (buyed as a gift for my wife) and my two children enjoys it a lot when we join in my bed playing in family before waking up saturdays."
I bought it refurbished from Amazon warehouse. The system is brand new and works perfectly. Very good system for the price.
"I've owned a Playstation since it first came out in 1995 and the PS3 is an awesome system that I've owned since 2007!!  Honestly, your decision on buying an XB360 or PS3 will probably come down to preference as both systems have proved their worth.  You can't really go wrong with either."
Pros:
"I was an Xbox 360 lover for a long time, but when I switched over to the PS3, I haven't looked back. I was really in desperate need of a Blu-Ray player and I decided to buy a couple of games along with it. Comparing side by side to both consoles, the PS3 surpasses the 360. Full supporter of the console! Not to mention, free online!!"
"The PS3 does its job well. The controller's battery lasts about 8 hours on a full charge. Console collects dust easily, Durable system that does not overheat. Yeah, with so many titles and more coming out at this price the PS3's features are worth it. You should buy one!"
"In 2006 during the launch of the PS3 the very first thing that turned me off was the gaudy price tag of 600 bucks but not merely because it was simply so expensive. To me what the PS3 represented was an overly priced lesser grade gaming PC computer. In part, what made the Playstation 3 feel too much like a lesser computer system to the PC/MAC were the multi platform games being ported over to it, as well as the computer like design with a lower capacity 20 GB internal HDD. Lack of identity really hurt this system in the market early on. Competition with Microsoft was heating up and I think they lost something of themselves in their overly aggressive campaign to be the best of the current generation. The old adage  ""anything you can do I can do better"" might be the best way to sum up the console wars between Sony and Microsoft. But a major problem (one that still affects the system) has always been the software. Unlike with the Playstation 2, the PS3 has become a hub of sorts for multi platform gaming. Developers are dumping off PC software, sports titles, and multi platform releases, focusing far less on creating unique content for the system itself. This is where you run into the identity crisis that plagues the PS3 in my mind because part of the success of a console in the market is in delivering software that can't be found anywhere else. That one special game you just HAVE to have that only a PS3 can give you.....it's all been lost for the most part this generation. When Final Fantasy was unique to the Playstation, when Grand Theft Auto and Resident Evil could only be found on a PS2, you had a system with identity. I'm not bashing multi platform gaming as some of it's really good stuff. But neither does it do much to explain to me the unique values of owning the PS3 machine as opposed to anything else that might be cheaper. After many small price cuts and various system sacrifices like losing two of the initial four USB inputs and PS2 software support, Sony decided the PS3 system needed a fresh change and a new start. The PS3 was re-designed from the ground up and they addressed some of the concerns that consumers like you and I might have had since the 2006 debut. So just what makes the PS3 worthy of consideration and what has actually changed about the system? Let's take a closer look at some of these changes and why they might make the leap to the PS3 a value you just can't afford to pass up any longer:"
"I have been playing video games since I was a small child, I started my passion at a local arcade in the 1980s, I have had many systems starting from the original NES, to just about everything in between, including currently a 360 Elite, PS3 Slim, and I also have a Nintendo Wii, I believe for 300 dollars, you can't find a better multimedia center, it will play Blu-Ray movies, and it does them very well I might add, The PS3 has a huge selection of games, of varying prices, you have access to free online gaming with this system, you also don't ever need to worry about using batteries for the wireless controller, because it gets charged with the Playstation 3's usb hookup, so if I am in the middle of a game, I don't have to take my controller, and find batteries, I just charge it while I play, that in its self, is a very unique feature, and honestly something that is very green I suppose, you can get Full HD out of this console, with an HDMI cable to an HD television, it consumes less power, it is quiet, loads quickly, the PS3 is very durable, and doesn't use a ton of power, I have watched a blu ray movie on this, a 2 and a half hour long blu ray film, and played the console for another 4-6 hours, without any trouble, now this guy isn't perfect, if you are going from an sdtv to an hdtv, or vice versa, for whatever reasons, you will have to reconfigure the display settings, not a huge deal, and it won't play PS2 games, but it will play ps1 games, why I don't know, but, again, not a deal breaker"
"With this newest edition to the PS3 lineup, the ""Slim"" was definitely worth waiting for over the original console. Much in the same way as Playstation 2, Sony reduced the size, made it more energy efficient (read: less heat) and quieter. Also, its important to mention that, as with the PS2, the first generation of consoles are usually plagued by initial quality issues, mostly with the operation of the system. Such is the case with the PS3 as well. I decided to wait for the Slim because I knew they needed to time to work the bugs out, and I've always enjoyed the smaller, redesigned 2nd generation Playstation systems. My friends who own the 1st gen PS3 consoles have all had issues with theirs, one of whom has already replaced his 3 times! So for me, the PS3 Slim is a better buy. The Slim no longer has a multi card reader, PS1/2 playback, and 2 less USB ports. In my opinion, no big deal. What you do get in return is much better in the end. Blu-Ray playback is excellent, with decent load times. DVD playback is also great, as the PS3 upscales the image to near-HD resolution, breathing new life into your existing DVD library. This is great for movies/documentaries that are not available on Blu-Ray disc. The Playstation network is really cool, allowing you to connect with friends online, play them, as well as others in your favorite games. The PS3 is a multimedia powerhouse, everything you need in one small, efficient, attractive package. With this system, your home theater is a snap. Next generation HD gaming, online capability, Blu-Ray disc and DVD playback, and an upgradeable HDD to store games, pictures, music, video, etc. What's not to love? All you need is an HDTV, a PS3 Slim, an HDMI cable, and a 5.1/7.1/soundbar home theater system and your all set!"
"I received my PS3 on September 13 and I have been playing it ever since. I was a big Playstation fan back with the PS1 and the PS2 and had both systems, well I still have my PS2. But as soon as the Xbox 360 came out, that became my main console. I never had the PS3 until now. I have four systems in my room. The PS2, Nintendo Wii, Xbox 360 and the PS3. I rarely play the PS2, haven't played it in years. It just sits in the bottom of the TV stand just for looks. All the games stored in my closet, if I ever decide to bring some games back to life. The Wii, I play every now and then but not all the time. Sometimes i'll get down with some Wii Golf and kill my girlfriend or some of my friends who wanna play some golf. The 360 get's the most play. I've had one since 05' and have gone through 3 different consoles because of red ring. Xbox Live is a plus. And the 360 exclusives are great! Then about a week or two ago I decided that I wanted to get a PS3 and I ordered the 160Gb console and waited patiently until that very day on the 13th of September when it finally got here and opened up the box and plugged it in. Put in Metal Gear Solid 4 and I was........ BLOWN AWAY! The graphics are so amazing. Now like I said I was always a fan of Playstation from the PS1 to the PS2 and this was my first time ever playing a PS3 and my first time finally owning one. And am I glad I made this purchase. I can't believe it took me this long to finally get a PS3??? As soon as I ordered this console I picked up three games last week, so I had some games to play when it got here. MGS4, LittBigPlanet and Heavy Rain. I've only played MGS4 so far and i'm stuck. I can't stop playing the game. I loved all the Metal Gear Solid games prior to MGS4 and getting and playing this game first was a must for me. But yeah. I love the PS3 and will be giving my Xbox 360 a much needed break for a lil bit. Thanks Amazon!!!"
"I ordered one of these to replace my old launch-era 60GB PS3 that finally gave up the ghost (I fixed it, but a post ""yellow light of death"" PS3 is a ticking timebomb, so it's relegated to movies now)."
"I bought a PS3 because it has the ability to be a bluray player, gaming system, media server, and browser. What other gaming system has these functions? I usually only play sports games with my ps3 but I have used the Blu-Ray player for many movies, and the video looks great!"
"I own all three of the major consoles on the market right now. The PS3 is by far my favorite. Now i'm NOT saying it's the best out there (no fan boy here) I'ts just my favorite and it had to earn that. The Console was not that great when it was first released. Yeah it played games and you could watch movies but it lacked a lot. Sony has since released multiple updates to the console that have made the user experience much, much better. The Built in wifi, hard drive and Blu-ray are great and the game library is on par with the other consoles. It plays blu-rays perfectl. The image quality and 3D experience is top notch and the best part is the free online play. The PS3's network may not be as advanced as the 360's but it's not far behind. The console is worth it's price and based on the many, many hours it's being used during the day streaming netflix, watching blu-rays and playing games it seams well built. A great buy for anyone looking for a high def console that can also be the center of your media center."
"I bought my first and only PS3 80gig with wifi the Christmas after it's launch. I have never had a problem with it and still runs like the day I bought it. Can't say the same with my Xboxes The reasons I decided to purchase a new one was because I read that the new ones are a lot more quiet and run cooler, also because the original wifi was getting old in technology and is only running at about 3mbps."
"Having grandsons I have purchased 3 or 4 game consoles of every generation for the past 15 years.  The PS3 is the best of the bunch for many reasons.  The first is that it is not only a powerful gaming system with out of this world graphics, but it is also is a great Blu-ray/DVD player.  Sony also updates the DVD and Blu-ray player software over the internet to keep up to date with the changing standards for different Blu-ray movie makers."
My old PS3 80gb got the rare yellow light of death a few months ago and I was very sad. It had faced some hardcore usage.
"I've had my PS3 for a year and I literally LOVE it! It brings me so much happiness I want to hold it in my arms every time I turn it off. I'm being serious. On a typical day I turn it on and play some FIFA 11 then switch to Battlefield 3 which is my favorite game. It's so much fun to play and super inmersive when you play it with the PS3 headset. Then I turn it off until night when my wife and I watch Modern Family on a DVD or stuff on Netflix. I have the PS3 blu ray remote which is so useful because you can program it to control most TV brands and your PS3 at the same time. So when I watch movies or Netflix I grab the blu ray remote, turn on TV, PS3 and control everything.  Some other days I connect my PS eye and play Move games like sports champions, the fight or Carnival Island with my wife which is fun! There's just so many things I can do on my PS3! I'm so grateful to have it and it's been worth every penny and so far I've never had any problems with my baby."
"I bought this PS3 (playing station 3) game to replace a failing Nintendo. PS3 is a gaming console. Unlike other gaming systems the PS3 plays movies, video games, and discs. I chose this game because of it Bluetooth wireless interface, wireless controllers and portability, which is remarkably effective. For the somewhat larger price of $300, it is nevertheless worth the cost."
Mine is the CECH-3001.  Remarkably cooler and quieter than my older CECH-2001.  Very pleased that I got the latest rev.
"This is my second playstation 3. I bought my first PS3 to use as a gaming machine, but eventually realized it was more than just a gaming device.  Among other things, it is also a Blu-ray player, and a very good one at that.  Movies can be controlled with the PS3 game controller, but I bought Sony's hand held remote, which is more like the remotes that come with a TV.  As a blu-ray player, it functions just like a dedicated blu-ray device, not like a multi-purpose afterthought.  In addition, if you are wired for the internet, it acts like a TV or computer, and streams Netflix movies, Hulu programs, and music, assuming you subscribe to these features.  It does more, too.  I've poked around on the PS3 menus, but haven't explored all the features available.  There is a lot there, however.  These other capabilities are also available on a computer, but I thought Netflix streaming was actually more convenient on the PS3."
My wife and i were totally surprised with the features of this console.
I love my PS3 in my house we have very system except the 360 and that's because my 360 kept breaking down and that's what pushed me towards a PS3. I use my system not only to play games and watch blu-rays and listen to music but I also use it to surf the web when my girlfriends on my laptop and I love using netflix on it.In my opinion this system is way better than the 360 because I have now had this system going on 3 years now and I have had no problems what so ever. I had my 360 a month before it crashed the first time if you are looking for a great system this is it the only thing I wish was better on the PS3 the psn seems a little clunky to me other than that its great and I highly recommend it.
PS3 Pros:
Its all in one. The game is so real. Too much fun. User-friendly interface. Worthwhile alternative to the others models.
"It's a PS3, it's awesome, it does everything.  I'm not even really a gamer, and I BLOODY LOVE IT.  The only annoying thing is that it doesn't ship with an HDMI cable -- it ships with the basically obsolete (and hobbling) tri-whatever cable, which is utterly silly.  When you order your PS3, order an"
I got this ps3 from amazon which comes with a 50 bulks gift card on 299.
"I recently lost my backtracking 80GB model to the yellow light of death for the second time, and decided that it was time to upgrade to a higher, more recent PS3. I'm still waiting on my Ethernet cable so that I can transfer all my data, but so far I love my new PlayStation! If you're contemplating whether or not you want this system, go for it!"
"I have two xboxs and two playstions, and a wii.  So, I am not going to argue which system is better because they all have good and bad points.  However, what stands out with the Playstation is the ability to play Blu-rays, 3D discs, and 3D games.  Another plus is if your xbox live gold expires, you can still watch netflix in HD on your Playstation for free."
came in the time expected. the ps3 was in new condition and works fine. Haven't ever had a problem with amazon.
