I've been looking at waterproof and tough camera for over a year now... and I eventually chose this one!
I have had this camera a few days now and have been very impressed with the tests I've put it through thus far.  This camera does everything Nikon says it will and does them all wonderfully.
I tend to replace my point-n-shoot about every 3 years. I normally shoot a Nikon D90 but last year upgraded to a D7000.
Picked this camera up at the Maui Costco for a family snorkeling vacation on the way to the beach from the airport.  This camera replaced my aging Sony T7 and it's water proof case.  I liked that it had built in GPS and that I wouldn't need to use my Eye-Fi card to add geo-tags to my photos.
"First, a few things to know before you buy, since Nikon doesn't tell you these things until you get your owner's manual:"
"I got this camera two days prior to a week long trip to Cancun, where I Scuba Dove and Snorkeled for a week. I recorded all images at the least compressed mode (*), and images stored at 6-7.5 mp.  The video I shot was at 1080p, 30fps.  For a memory chip I used a sandisk 16gb class 10 extreme.  I was happy with this setup and the performance of the camera was quite good.  I took photographs at 30-35 feet under water for 45 minutes on the second dive at Cozumel, shallow because the first dive was really deep (110 ft, and the camera was in the boat for this dive).  The camera preformed beautifully underwater, good movies and good images.  Great color rendition, very accurate using underwater mode.  The maximum depth the camera went to on that dive was 41 ft, for a couple of minutes.  No issues noted.  I also took the camera cavern/cave diving in the ""Cenotes"", which bottom out around 40 ft.  Great light filtered through the 'roof', good pictures.  Again no complaints.  I took the camera out when my wife and I were body surfing and if beach mode is chosen these are really good point and shoot photographs.  For land shots we took some of the jungle and ruins on scenery mode and these are very nice.  Exposure control and color are very good, and the image compression engine was fast and not overtly 'lossy'. Focus remains sharp. My other camera is a Nikon D80 with a big lens.  Will this camera take pictures at that quality?  No, not if you want it blown up 40-60in, as I have done with images from the D80.  But, these look like they will easily look good at 20-30in, and the camera is tough.  Clearly my D80 isn't going anywhere near the water, but the jungle and ruins shots would have been possible and probably great.  For the first time I left the D80 behind, and at the end of the vacation, sunsets, scenery, jungles, animals, snorkeling, scuba and all the adventures have good pictures documenting the trip.  Several are probably good enough to classify beyond vacation shots, but actual 'images or photographs'.  High quality, well proportioned, perfect lighting, and accurate focus and color.  I tried and was successful in a couple of depth-of-field studies, and was surprised at the result given the tiny lens.  Again, does it match the level of control and ability of the D80, No.  But is it really good - yeah.  My wife and I ski, climb, scuba, snorkel, backpack, raft, mountain bike, and kayak.  This camera looks to be a good fit for that, and the D80 with the big lens is going to get less use."
"As noted in many other reviews, the waterproofing on this camera is not reliable.  When I received the camera, I carefully examined the seal around the battery/card compartment for any dirt, sand or lint.  As a Nikonos owner for many years (a camera that successfully went on 100+ dives), I understand the importance of a clean seal.  After familiarizing myself with the functions of the camera on land, I look it snorkeling.  Diving from the surface, I didn't go to a depth of more than ~10 ft.  After a going under a few times, I noticed condensation at the edges of the screen.  Given that it was hot and humid when I went in the water, this was not troubling (the manual said this might happen).  After about 20 minutes in the water, however, the camera started to malfunction, eventually stopping altogether."
"Hello all,"
"I have been looking for a waterproof camera to take on vacation to Thailand.  After considerable research the Panasonic Lumix TS3 seemed to be the top dog for rugged cameras.  In favor of the Lumix, I liked the durable feel and overall fit and finish, the wide angle lens and I think people willing to play around with settings will have nice options.  Unfortunately, the lumix was quite bad in low light situations and overall had soft photos.  I recently saw the Nikon AW100 on sale locally and decided to try out the latest and greatest rugged (at least I hoped so with nikon's recent attempt in the waterproof market).  With limited testing and no underwater use I decided I preferred photos taken with the AW100 better and returned the lumix.  I am happy with the contrast and low light photos of the AW100 and hope I made the right choice for my vacation."
This camera failed after about 330 exposures and a week of light beach/resort use.
"I selected the Nikon AW100 over the TX-10 because of a better external form (TX-10 too hard to hold securely, sliding cover, and 3 seal points in 2 doors) and over the TS-3 with hopes of slightly better image quality and a better GPS performance. And over both, with hopes of using the included 40.5 mm filter adapter to attach to my Vortex Razor 85 scope's filter thread based camera adapter for digiscoping. The plastic 40.5 mm filter adapter attaches firm enough that I am confident the physical thread attachment will carry the off-center load. I am waiting for a filter step up ring to arrive to check out the optical compatibility and will update my review later."
""
A little background so you know where I'm coming from.
"I don't think I've ever written a review even after years of buying off of Amazon, but I feel obligated to save others from the experience I had with this product."
"I shoot a Nikon D3100 when I'm in the states, but I wanted something of similar quality (picture quality) to carry with me while in Afghanistan.  I knew I wanted/needed it to be able to take a beating cause it was definitely not going to be babied."
""
"The camera functionality works great! However, waterproof?? With a light use on our snorkeling trip it survived, but when brought it into the pool it just died."
"I bought this camera for backpacking, family camping trips, and our annual Hawaii trip.  I needed something that was extremely scratch-resistant, tough enough to be banged around in a backpack, water- and sand-resistant for the beach, and good for capturing important memories.  It has performed admirably, with a few notes and exceptions."
"I have to preface this with the disclaimer that I am a ""semi"" professional photographer and so I am very, very picky about image quality.  I compared my new aw100 against my Canon 60D with the 24-105 L lens. not fair I know, but life's not fair."
"Camera takes EXCELENT pictures and video as I would expect from Nikon.  What I didn't expect was a waterproof camera that LEAKS during first use.  I have returned mine to Amazon for a refund.  I saw several other reviews that the device leaks, but I thought it was an isolated incident or user error.  There was no user error here. The first time I used it was in the pool and I doubt it was deeper than 3 feet in water.  When I went to get pictures off the camera I noticed that there was moisture on the LED screen.  The camera was still functioning, but it definitely leaked."
"Purchased the camera for an over seas trip, but also used the item for a Hawaiian vacation. The camera was used in and out of cold waterfalls, toted along as i jumped from a 20 ft drop into a water hole mixed with sea and fresh water; as well as snorkeling off a beach without ever fogging up. the camera froze on me once, had to go back to shore, patted the battery compartment dry before opening and forced the camera to power cycle manually, went back within a few minutes in to the ocean without a hitch. The battery life depends on usage, i found that with the GPS function as well as movie mode drained the battery quicker than without those functions being used, but i still was able to get one days worth of vacation shooting on a 4 gb card. The GPS function is definitely helpful when you get back home from vacation in order to remember the places you've been. sometimes it takes the camera some time 10-15 minutes before the camera picks up your location depending on your over head cover. The camera does surprisingly well in low light conditions as well as 5-10 ft shots underwater, the colors at 5-10ft still come up well and require minimal color correction through Photoshop. The weakness is long distance evening shot focus, but i didn't really expect the camera to have that ability, manual focus is usually more precise; i couldn't find that function on the camera, will continue to play around with the camera to see if that function exists. Additional functions that would be helpful would be delayed shot capability for night shots, i figure that could be a software function update. Overall I would recommend this camera albeit it's price."
"This camera is a complete waste of money for underwater usage. The pictures are utter garbage, UNLESS you are in extremely bright light, and within 2 feet of the surface. After using this camera for a month in Aruba, taking roughly 150 pictures a day in the ocean, 14 were worth keeping. For the most part, pictures are simply green/blue with little or no color differentiation. It is really awful."
"I've owned the camera for two months.  It' every user friendly and the pictures are outstanding.  When we loaded the pictures onto our computer and compared them with the pictures taken by our old camera, the colors were more vibrant, the focus sharper and they just looked better.  I've shot stills and video.  The video would freeze part way through a shot,  After some research I found it was my memory card, not the camera.  I had tried to save money and purchased a Kumputerbay memory card.  When I changed that for a more expensive car, the video worked fine.  My only complaint is that when using video the zoom is fast and jerky.  I need to do more research and confirm it's the camera and not a setting I don't know how to use yet.  Overall, I am extremely pleased with how easy the camera is to use and the quality of the pictures it produces."
""
"I read all the reviews earlier, and to be honest i think some are bogus.We were on vacation for 25 days in st barth and used this camera every day all dayin 25 degree weather in the water ,underwater, in the sun. Following the instructions of soaking after use in fresh water, leaving to dry before opening ect it worked every time with no problems..Great pictures and video....Recommended!!!!!"
"I took this camera to Greece with me and it was great.  I got pictures that no one else could imagine.  We were on the beach, out in the water, under water, and panorama shots of the beach from the water while I was swimming.  Battery lasts a long time, the GPS feature is awesome and the waterproof is the best.  YOU MUST BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU OPEN THE CAMERA DO NOT DO IT ON THE BEACH.  Like any other waterproof device you need to make sure every spec of dirt and dust is out of the seal or the camera will leak.  A piece of sand will make the seal no longer waterproof.  Every other review that said it leaked was correct, but its because you didn't make sure it was clean and clear of dirt when you sealed it.  Putting a piece of sand in a waterproof seal is like putting your hand out the car window while trying to close it, it will NEVER seal properly with dirt in it."
"I received this camera as a gift for xmas this past December and have been using it on adventures ever since. I've dropped it hiking through rough terrain and there is no more than a scratch. The most amazing experience and what compelled me to write this review was 4 days ago I was on a boat in a lake when I dropped the camera into the water. It quickly sank (because I had not yet connected it to its ""life jacket"" (which is a fabulous accessory I purchased for the camera). I knew the area the camera sank in and the dock boys promised to send a diver down to get it within the next few days. 3 days in the water at approx 20 feet and the camera was found in perfect condition!! Can't even believe it!! I knew it was waterproof but was skeptic about how well it would really work. LET ME TELL YOU THAT THIS WATERPROOF/SHOCKPROOF CAMERA IS THE REAL DEAL!! I am so happy with how well its held up under the conditions I've put it in that I will recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable, sturdy, all terrain camera."
""
"This camera is perfect for the sea kayaker. The auto settings might be constraining for some, they are perfect for applications where you don't have much manual dexterity (under water or in rough seas)"
"I really wanted to love this camera, but in the end I returned it. It has some outstanding ideas and some nice features but in the end it lacked too many essential features to stay in my backpack. The objective of my review is to share some things about this camera you won't read in any other reviews."
""
UPDATE 20120801 -  Amazon would not allow a separate update for a similar product purchase so I have to update this review ...
"I read many reviews of all available underwater cameras and they all were shown to leak from the cheapest to the most expensive, then I saw this one come on the market and I waited and read it's reviews and no leaks so I bought one.  I dive alot and hate the bulky housing most underwater cameras use but this one works great down to 35ft any deeper and it just flashes ""memory card incorrect for this camera"" but it is great I now use it as my only vacation camera because it works great on land too and if I jump in the pool or it rains or whatever NO PROBLEM it is meant for it.  Really who wants to carry around two cameras on vacation this serves every function as long as you are not trying to shoot professional photos the quality of the pics is great."
"This camera takes exceptional pictures on land, and good pictures under the water (filters are needed to take better pictures).  I bought this camera for a trip to the Virgin Islands - I snorkeled at Buck island and took pictures of underwater creatures.  The camera works well under water, no leak and the battery lasts for a good 2 hours (continuous use).  It is little hard to take pictures under the water, because it was a very sunny day and I hardly could see anything on the screen because of the reflection.  But I guess all cameras have that kind of problem.  The zoom in function works great with this camera, which allows me to focus on the fish 15 feet deep while I was at the surface.  The camera automatically turns into underwater mode once it hits the water, so there is not a lot of learning to be done; it is pretty simple to use right out of the box.  As for the land picture, the quality of the picture is really fantastic.  I would buy this camera just for the fact that it is waterproof so that I would not need to worry about the rain.  I did purchase the orange float so that I won't lose my camera in the water."
I was skeptical about buying this camera so I decided to buy it at a local Costco in case I needed to return it.  I have owned it for about 3 weeks and so far have had no problems.  We have taken it snorkeling about 10 times in Hawaii without any problems.  I even dove down about 15' to take some photos.
"I am super picky about cameras and viewed a lot of footage on YouTube from the average user who took this camera on trips.  I always felt the average person is a far better judge of a product than a business is (except consumer reports of course).  I took this camera on it's first use during a Caribbean 7-day cruise.  With constant pictures (max size / quality), average amount of flashes used, and HD video repeatedly being taken; I averaged two batteries per day - starting around 7am and recording / picturing up until 11pm daily.  The second battery was about 1/4 left by 11pm."
"I purchased this camera for a snorkeling trip to Hawaii, and I had some concerns reading the negative reviews about the underwater image quality and water leaking into the camera."
"Got is for my husband as an early Christmas present, we were going to Roatan (Bay Islands,Honduras) and we got great underwater pictures as well as sunsets, people and the last day there, under an awful storm, we got some great video and including the wind effect!  Its easy to use, small and yet it takes pics/videos as a much sofisticated camera, highly recomend it!"
