Update: 12/16/12: There have been several firmware updates since the product first came out.  The device seems to hang less often now than when I noted below... on the order of once every 2 to 3 weeks.
"drops wifi way too often, and needs re-setting up each time so this really is not reliable or useful for essental security lighting or something that has to be shut off or on remotely, a little expensive, great idea if it actually worked, perhaps they will come out with one that works reliably, we had both sensor and just switch but both lost connection every 3 hours to 2 days or so, belkin service and tech support no help, returned without problems at the apple store, bad belkin, good apple store"
"Good idea and product when it works. Set up 1 device with IFT and it works great. Bought another but cannot set up with IFT as IFT only supports one Wemo! Tried setting up Wemo rules for that device but could not get them to work. Called the 'tech support' (offshore) and after spelling everything out 4 or 5 times (do not seem to understand English very easily) all they wanted was loads of personal information before they were prepared to help (including email, phone number etc). The whole call to get the rules working on the device took over 45 minutes - half of this was taking personal information. At the end of it the Wemo rule still says 'Turn on at (null)' and won' store a time. All in all a big failure. In the end I figure out a workaround. I added a rule, then disabled it (it came up with the null times). Leaving that rule there, I added new (enabled) rules and they worked! Belkin need to get the device working properly and GET REAL SUPPORT."
"This product is not ready.  The lag is unbearable.  Constantly searching for devices.  Tries to upgrade firmware 1540 all the time (or firmware upgrade never finishes).  Motion sensor blue led indicates detections reliably, but the app has either a huge delay or unreliable detections showing.  This causes the rule not to trigger most of the time.  Just a simple rule to turn on switch for 1 minute when detecting motion fails 9 times out of 10."
"While I am not an IT administrator, I am the person friends and family come to with computer and home network issues. That being said, the setup of the first outlet was very simple and everything worked as should. After over an hour of changing network settings, restarting the device and following all of the other hints from the website, I still have not been able to get the second outlet to show up on the app. This product is not ready for the mainstream yet - pretty disappointing for a Belkin product as most of their products that I have used work very well. I will probably return both as I want to use one app to control all of my outlets and lights."
-----12 February 2013 Update-----
I had problems setting up the switch.  My iphone connected to the switch but the WeMo software froze once the setup was complete and couldn't find the switch.  I spent several hours reading through similar customer experiences and attempting many times to reload and reconnect.  I attempted to get feedback from Belkin but gave up after a day and unhelpful feedback from a tech that simply pointed me to FAQs and generic approaches.  It appears they have a quirky problem with some units that they don't have complete understanding for.  For me this was a hopeful experience that turned out disappointing.  I hope Belkin can improve quality enough that in subsequent versions the unit will work out of the box with no difficulty.
"I'm glad I only bought one of these to try out, I would be happier if I had bought none.  I wanted to use it to shut off power to an irrigation system on my ranch (200 miles away from home) when my wifi camera indicates that my cistern is running dry.  The problem is that anytime the WEMO drops the Internet connection it turns itself off.  It would make much more sense for it just to maintain its current state (off or on) until the connection is restored or make it an option for the user to select the behavior.  This thing drops the connection with maddening frequency even when plugged in just several feet from the router.  The other issue is that at least half of the time the software can't find the switch (compared to my wifi camera which is always available).  When it does work it functions as advertised so I am sure it is all installed correctly.  The problem is that it is totally unreliable.  I would not recommend it to a friend (or enemy, just too cruel).  Very dissatisfied."
"Configuration of this device requires switching your phone/tablet to a different wifi network, then switching back, manually, twice.  The WeMo app (v1.1.2) can't seem to do this by itself; your instructions are to use the iOS Settings app to do it, then go back into the WeMo app.  I wonder if this is because of Apple's app sandboxing rules, but whatever: this is not a product I could ever give to my family or friends and have them set it up."
"A great idea, horribly implemented. The switch drops off my Wi-Fi network 2 or 3 times a week. When this happens, you must repeat the setup process and it stops functioning until you do. Belkin tech support had no good answer, other than to change my Wi-Fi router. The other half-dozen devices in my home have no problem with my network, so I'm confident it's the piece of junk WeMo, not my router."
"These are well-designed and relatively intuitive remote control switch and motion detector. Once you get them set up they are very useful and versatile enough to perform all sorts of remote or automatic functions in your house. However, they do have some design flaws and are pretty expensive."
"Bought the WEMO Switch to turn on and off my 10 year old espresso coffee maker. It takes 25 minutos to warm up and many times I want to arrive at home and drink a great espresso. I tested everything this switch is capable of and everything worked with both my Iphone-5 and Ipad. I also tested the AT&T; LTE , local network and external networks. Everything worked just fine. One important thing: As soon as you finish the setup , if the app doesn't see the switch, try the firmware update for the device. Before the firmware update it was not finding my switch."
Spent 45 minutes on the phone with offshore support.  They could not get the product to work with my WPA2 secured network.  It would connect to an unsecured network however.  I used the unsecured network to update the firmware but that didn't solve the issue.  I'm returning the product.
"Took 2 hours to try to get it set up without luck.  Going through the first time setup, everything appeared to connect fine.  But then the app would say ""Looking for switch..."" but never find anything. After multiple unplugging, restarting, plugging it in next to the router, etc. I finally gave up and emailed customer service.  After 48 hours without a response, I'm going to return it."
"still can't get the motion sensor to connect .... And stay connected.doing everything right, restore,reset,reconnect. Found it once, to set up, but app never found the sensor."
"When I was reading the specifications of this product, I assumed I could still download the app over the internet and control the device online since the description was talking about controlling the switch over Wi-Fi. Well, dumb me, just because it's controlled over Wi-Fi doesn't mean you can control it from any device you want. I have the app downloaded through iTunes, but you can't open it unless you're using an Apple device, and I have an Android phone and a PC computer. Overall, this is a great idea (also an expensive one...$50 for one timer, yeesh!), but I wish there was a platform for PCs and Andriod devices. I think I'll just stick to my good ol' simple timers, like"
I bought this on the heels of buying 2x WiFi thermostats from 3M. Setup was a breeze on those units compared to the Belkin wifi switch.
Let me answer the first question - what exactly does this do?
"I looked at the Belkin website. I scoured Amazon. I could not find anywhere what 802.11 spec this used. So I went ahead and bought one. Sure enough, it's 802.11n ONLY and is not backward compatible with my B/G network. I'm not interested in upgrading my network, yet, so this had to go back."
"I've been on the hunt for the past few months now for a cheap solution for home use that'd allow me to kill power to my home ""server"" and then bring it back since it's set to auto power on after power failure."
I had a number of challenges to get the Wemo to work reliably and consistently. The absolute most important thing you need to know about the Wemo before purchasing it is that it will likely be ineffective if you have your Wireless SSID broadcast disabled.
"Ok, I just spent an hour trying to setup a gadget I don't really need. It is another gizmo marketed as a consumer product, plug and play. It is not. Nothing is new in this world. The first switch was working for a few minutes. After I added the second, both turned into pumpkins. The switches are no longer found. Well, enough playing with settings, resets, etc."
"I have standard Apple networking gear - Airport Extreme + 2 Expresses creating a full coverage wifi network throughout my house. This thing just doesn't work. It worked once, for 2 minutes, in the socket adjacent to one of the routers, and then never again. I can't understand why Belkin released something this flakey. My network is not exotic, and everything else works on it perfectly. This just ... doesn't."
"I was so excited to get my hands on the WEMO.  Unfortunately, it did not want to connect to my phone.  I restarted it a couple time and it was set up properly, but it seems to lose the connection.  It also does not work outside of my home network (that it what it told me once I set up properly).  When I tried to connect 30 minutes later, the device could not be found."
"Received three of these from Amazon on Friday.  Impressive packaging and great out-of-box experience.  Incredibly easy to setup.  Hooked them up to three air conditioners in my house.  Tried it out over the weekend and was loving how well they worked.  I now had the capability to leave my home with my ACs off and, an hour before return, fire them up and arrive to a nicely cooled house."
"I received one as a beta tester through IFTTT, and it's pretty cool. I have the sensor sitting in the garage, set up through IFTTT to text me when it detects motion. I set up the outlet to turn on a light in my son's room - which is fun to play with on the iPad, even though the app's made for iPhone."
"Home automation has been the holy grail for tech companies.  Most home automation systems are very expensive and need to be wired by professional installers.  For most of the population in the US this is overkill as very few people are in gigantic homes that would even need these things. The average person would like to have some control of a few lamps and environmental systems. Home heating and air conditioning, hot water heater, exterior light control would all be good."
This thing won't stay connected. I set it up per the instructions. I have a solid wi-fi network with an AP about 10 feet from the WeMo switch. It works fine at first on my network and out on the internet. Then it stops working. I get home and still can't access it. I have to go through the setup procedure again and it works again for a while before quitting again. I have other home automation like security cameras and a Hue. They work perfectly. Frustrating!
"Update 03/12/13 - The switch was on this morning when it should be off and it did not show up in the WeMo app.  It rained last night; I didn't think the power went out as the the stove and microwave clocks looked normal, as well as the PC and TV.  A little poking in the WeMo app - a couple of tries to search for the switch, but nothing found and it did not show up in Wi-Fi Settings.  So I reset by unplugging from the AC outlet, holding the button down and keeping it down while plugging back in.  Go to the WeMo app, but nothing there.  Go to Wi-Fi Settings, it took two iterations, but then WeMo showed up in Wi-Fi Settings.  Here is a counter intuitive part: you select WeMo in Wi-Fi Settings (check mark appears) and close settings.  One might think I'm no longer connected to the home network, but keep the faith and go to the WeMo app.  It searches for the switch, gives me my home network login for the WEP password and crashes once.  Open and try the password again - this time it takes.  Re-enable my previously set up Rule and I'm good to go.  Taking away another start."
"The wemo device I bought is effectively an expensive, frustrating brick."
"I bought this because I was hoping to some home automation... well it works, but it only seems to work when on the home network.  So, if you want that then you're golden.  I thought I could use it when I am out of town to change the lighting schedules so, it really looked like I was home.  It says you can use it anywhere, but it seems to truly only work on the home network... well, I can walk over and turn a light on."
"It is an unreliable, half baked product like many from Belkin. I have had positive experience with one out of four different products"
Extremely easy to set up. Operates great. My Two year old knows how to use it. I have to get a few more.
"This is an awesome gadget for hands-on control of your energy usage.  The WeMo app for iPhone works great and product looks sleek.  Good WiFi connectivity, definitely recommend this product."
"This works exactly as described, I use it to control my AC so i can turn it on before i get home works great."
""
"Continually asks to upgrade firmware to avoid having rules overridden. When you follow the dialog, nothing seems to happen beyond having your devices drop offline momentarily. Web site is not great in explaining when/how/why to expect firmware changes and the directions provided to force a firmware upgrade seem to be incorrect as they reference options under the 'more' menu which are not there."
"This is the best.  I bought three of them for my house, downloaded the free app, had them installed within minutes and they are working like a champ.  The home automation they provide is perfect.  You should absolutely buy a few of these for your home or business!"
"I, like many of the reviewers here, also had a number of issues with setup... but ultimately got this to work and am happy so far. Here's what I had to do:"
"after going through every timer switch I could find, this one finally does everything I want.  BEing able to program and remotely operate via iphone is awesome."
