"I've been anticipating the launch of this phone for what seems like forever now, and I can now say that it was entirely worth the wait.  Unfortunately, I myself am not yet up for an upgrade, but my husband was - so I opted to take full advantage of the situation, and we pre-ordered the LTE the day it became available.  Thanks to a customs delay, it arrived a few days late, but this allowed me a nice long weekend to hijack it...um, I mean ""put it through its paces."""
"I'm not your typical user, I tend to be very particular about little details that not everyone will care about, so I'll try to only talk about these things in attempt to avoid saying what's already been said in other reviews."
"If you don't read anything else in this review, read ""The Ugly"" section. Some of the problems with this phone are important to cover, and may be a dealbreaker for many. I've had this phone for a month now, and I want to share my thoughts. The device has some really fantastic features that I absolutely love. It also has some serious knocks against it that really drag the experience down. I honestly find myself wondering now if I should have stuck with my last phone, the previous Evo 4g, for a little while longer."
"Well so far I have had this phone for a little over 24 hours, and it is awesome. I read on one review on some unknown tech website about how this phone was the first phone on Sprint that can surf the web and make a phone call at the same time. Now I was under the impression that sprint and verizon's cdma technology couldn't handle this, so I was skeptical. But sure enough today I was on the phone having a conversation, I loaded up google maps, it brought it up with the current traffic and found my location. I still couldn't believe it, so I went to the web browser and pulled up espn.com, yep it worked! And FYI I just tried it again to make sure I didn't mislead people. Called my house, did a google search and then went to yahoo.com, worked perfectly!"
Why Apple tried to keep this phone from getting into the publics hand.  This phone is simply amazing and a joy to use.  It is simple to use like the iPhone but with so much more horsepower under the hood and the flexibility of the Sense UI is great.  I was going to get an iPhone to replace my Photon because i wanted a phone that just worked without some of the headaches of Android even though i enjoy the flexibility of it.  I remembered how much i enjoyed the original EVO but i did not care for the battery.  I just got through 36 hrs with 30% of juice left after moderate use.  ICS and this phone seem like they were meant for one another.  I honestly like Apple products because they make quality products that just work but if every iPhone user spent a day with this new EVO i think they would get one if they were due an upgrade.
**Updated 6/11/2012
"Let me say this up front.  I would love to have a great Android phone.  I love Android's operating system much better than IOS.  The flexibility, the interconnection of apps, and screen size all make me love Android phones."
UPDATE: 6/26/12 - The phone is awesome. The battery is the best I have ever had in a phone! I thought that I wanted a replaceable battery like I did in the EVO 3D.... but this battery is so large that it has me covered all day! The camera takes far better pics than the 3D... and it has a super cool SLR feature. The camera will take rapid fire pics as long as you are holding the button... and when you are done it allows you to choose the best pic in the bunch! I hated missing those cute pics of my toddler because he moved at the last second.... with this feature I can take 10 rapid fire pics and get the shot I was looking for! This feature alone has made my day!
"I have always been an iPhone user. Until recently havin the screen crack on my iPhone 4 a second time I was ready to consider somyhing that was not solid glass. I walked into a sprint store and saw this behemoth looking awesome on its display. After checking.specs trying the os I was sold. It not only did everything iPhone could do but it did it better. Larger screen that looks better than retina honestly. Better battery life, more customization, no dumb fluff apps like stock that never used but couldn't remove. Ability to make calls and check web or text at same time. Awesome!!! Expandable memory, easily rooted to unlock full potential. Thinner, lighter, faster camera shutter speeds. Faster 3g speeds n if your in Texas n couple.other states that have LTE up and running.. its insaley fast . And only phone of its class with true 4g speeds when it arrives that is unlimited. If your on sprint.. this is best phone on market"
"It was a tough, tough decision coming from the Samsung Galaxy S with the S3 coming out next week.  I owned the first android phone G1 made by HTC and loved the feel of that.  And I missed that feel compared to the plastic build of the Samsung.  So I broke down my decision between:"
My son has this phone and it works great! Ditto on the glowing remarks of others.
"You can read the other reviews for the highs (fast, amazing battery life, lack of bloatware, Sense)and lows (Sprint not having LTE turned on, can't remove the battery, lack of a menu key, Sense).  The only thing I want to convey is just how beautiful the screen is.  Words don't do it justice.  Even in direct sunlight its usable with the screen set to low light (note: ""usable"" not ""great"", for ""great"" in direct sunlight you need to jack up the screen brightness, which starts to negate the great battery life)."
"I initially purchased this, but ended up switching to the Samsung Galaxy S3 because I was having some issues with my phone.  First off I have to say that I love Amazon Wireless!  Not only are the phones cheaper than buying directly from Sprint, but their return/exchange policy is top notch."
"Recently, I renewed my Sprint contract and upgraded my phone through Amazon Wireless (great deal!) from an Evo 4G to the Evo 4G LTE. The Evo 4G LTE is an awesome phone! The only reason I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 are because of a couple of design changes from the Evo 4G that in my opinion are not improvements. I'll list the pros and cons of the phone, but nothing in the cons is a major deal breaker. I really do love this phone, and think if HTC would revert a couple of the design changes back to the way they were on the Evo 4G, then it would be the perfect phone."
My previous phone was the first-gen EVO 4G which I bought upon release and owned for two years.  That was an excellent phone that aged so well none of the EVO's released in its wake were enough to tempt me to upgrade.
"Ever since I've owned a smart phone back in 2008 I've owned an HTC device. My first htc was the htc pro with a windows operating system. It performed terrible, but back then it was acceptable. I still liked the phone. Then I upgraded to the HTC evo 4g. With that phone my belief in HTC came back. It was by far and still is the best device I had owned. I seriously cannot think of a problem that device gave me."
"Having previously owned the original EVO 4G and having regular access to the EVO 3D (owned by the boyfriend), I can safely say that while HTC's previous versions in the EVO series have all been exceptional devices, HTC really hits it out of the park with the EVO 4G LTE. It has so far managed to be everything this gadget geek has long dreamed of (within the laws of physics of course) and more."
Phone is a great upgrade from the first Evo.
"I knew this phone was going to be good, but it totally surpassed my expectations. I had the original EVO 4G, and decided it was time to upgrade. This phone is just downright awesome. I've gone the entire day using it pretty heavily with GPS, Facebook, internet, texting, apps, etc, and the battery only got down to about 50%. It is very fast and easy to use. There are some minor quirks about ICS that I'm not too fond of, but they are very minor. I love this phone so much."
Pros:
"On the surface, this phone is well worth the price out of the box (as is the case for my wife), but me being the techy I am I couldn't wait to root and install a custom ROM on this phone.  I have a 64gb memory card installed, movies, music and comic books (nerd paradise). I am also able to use my IP sniffer, as well as a cadre of networking tools from this phone.  I was able to shoot, edit and add music (all on the phone) on video complete with titling sequence. The addition of an HDMI cabling further add value to this device. I know there are those who will compare this to the Samsung Galaxy S3, but if you're going to do that, really do a side by side comparison (or end up paying a restock fee, lol).  This phone is great...funny, I haven't even mentioned the phone functions yet. Excellent call quality and this is all still on a 3G network (4G to be installed in 1st/2nd quarter of 2013). Video calling is great with the software correct feature. I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!"
"I have had this phone for a little over 2 weeks now and it just keeps impressing me.  Im not going to go on and on about every single detail that makes this phone the best out there because everyone else has pretty much done that.  Most of the negatives are sprints lack of 4glte.  That doesnt effect me.  I had the first evo and I never had 4g in my area.  Its simple though, do some research before you buy a new phone.  If you have a good 4g signal where you use your phone then do not upgrade to a 4glte phone yet because all you will have is 3g until sprint rolls out the new 4g.  My ablsoulute favorite thing about this evo is you can actually run live wallpapers, do multiple things and still have decent battery life and the phone will do it all effortlessly without getting real hot and still remains super smooth and fast without a bit of hesitation.  The first gen evo was supposed to do all that but was kind of a dissapointment. I was going to wait for the galaxy s3, but once I saw and felt the build quality on this evo lte, I didnt want to wait for the samsung just to find out it looks and feels just as cheap as the galaxy s2.  That was my main complaint with the galaxy, it just feels like a toy.  Hopefully all the people waiting for the galaxy s3 understand that they will not have 4g either for another 6 months.  Every time I pull this phone out to use it, I cant help but just stare at it because it is so bright, crisp and clear.  Best phone out right now hands down."
"This phone is amazing, it has everything you love from the OG Evo and more. one of the most surprising thing that this phone has is the multitasking card layout almost like the WebOS has. Battery life is decent. If your not sure about this phone do yourself a favor and get it."
"Well I had the original evo and I loved it so I couldn't wait to get this one. I was partial to the back of the phone but its cool besides I got a case for it and the phone is thinner than the original.  I love this phone and all the features. I love the updated HTC music player it looked like there was more thought put into it it does need a little more tweaking for better navigation but its good. I love how easy it is to go back to recent apps I also love the new camera functions. I also love the skins I hope they add more. Overall it was a well thought out device. ICS and sense work very nicely together.  The screen is big, beautiful and vibrant. Oh and the dedicated camera button and kickstand are an awesome plus. The power button is easier to press than on the original. I do dislike the fact that they got rid of the search button and I also wish that merging calls was a little easier but that's an HTC thing not an evo thing and taking screenshots is cool. Btw I don't care if my phone talks back to me google search works great when making  notes, sends emails and texts and various other commands."
"OK this is really easy.  If you are ready for an upgrade because you were like me and had an EVO 4G. It is coming on your 24th month or you have waited to see what is next.  Which is so cool because you have been drooling to get a new phone.  If you are good with Sprint in your area, which is always so important.  Do not wait.  This phone is such an awesome upgrade.  You are waiting for no reason.  You have to make the jump sometime.  This EVO is everything you wanted the first one to be.  No more low memory.  I was worried about the battery but this is a totally different league.  One bad.  This phone is so thin and light that I lose it in my pocket.  LOL.  It is a no brainer.  3G is quicker and everything seems instantaneous or so much faster than before.  I rarely used 4G WiMax on my EVO 4G so no LTE for now is cool.  I have been so tempted to go to Verizon, but I like the idea of  unlimited data.  The phone feels solid and everything is so much better than before.  Take the jump.  You deserve it."
"Before I start the review, I'll say where I'm coming from: My last phone was a Samsung Galaxy S2, before that the original Evo, and a Palm Pre before that."
"I just upgraded last week from the original Evo 4G and I am very happy so far. ICS is fantastic and is a big step up from Gingerbread (the lock screen, grouping app icons, widget resizing, etc). I don't want to spend too long writing this so I just wanted to point out one thing I absolutely love about this phone compared to the original that nobody has mentioned anywhere I have looked - the kickstand! While the kickstand on the original was good, this one is GREAT! Why? Because it works in 3 different ways - you can lean your phone on it on either side or on the bottom. I was relly disappointed when I originally thought that the connection for the charger was on the side you had to lean it on because you couldn't use the kickstand while charging but then I realized the versatility of the stand! Hopefully this is helpful to others who have yet to realize this as well."
"I am a heavy smartphone user and use my phone for business, games, watching Netflix, and photos and video.  My previous phone was the EVO 4G which was great at the time it came out.  But, with new technologies, the phone was too slow to keep up.  Enter the HTC EVO 4G LTE."
"I have been using HTC phones, since the first EVO. Every update brings great improvements over the last. The HTC EVO LTE 4G is no exception."
"I was dying to get this phone as soon as I first saw it on sprints website to pre-order it. My previous phone was the original EVO 4g, it was my first android phone and despite a few annoying things it would do I loved it for the year that I had it. So when I read the info about the EVO 4g lte I knew I had to have it. I decided in July that I couldn't wait anymore and took advantage of my early upgrade. As soon as I get my phone home I started customizing it to the way I wanted it, it is very easy to use, I didn't even read the manual. This phone is amazing, I love the big screen (great quality) and the fact that the phone is so light and thin and not bulky like the original EVO. The camera is wonderful which is a relief because I had very bad issues with the camera on 3 different EVO 4g's. The internet works great, and is very fast, I own two expensive computers and the internet on my phone is faster then it is on my computers. The big screen size comes in handy while being on the internet. Texting is very easy and the swype feature on this phone is much better than on the original EVO. I haven't had any problems receiving texts or phone calls and I've never had a problem with dropped calls. This phone has tons of amazing features and apps, and doesn't have a few of the useless apps that the first EVO had. Music sounds great with the beats audio when I listen to it through my bluetooth car stereo. Last but certainly not least the battery life on this phone is outstanding, I usually go about 40 hrs. without having to charge my phone...and I'm on my phone alot. I constantly text, I'm on the internet all the time, play games, listen to music almost every day, talk on the phone, download apps, etc. I couldn't believe how long my battery lasted after I fully charged my phone for the first time. This is the only phone I've ever owned that doesn't need to be charged everyday! The is my favorite phone and I'm convinced it's the best one on the market....don't let the bad reviews change your mind about purchasing it!"
"I had the original Evo, which I loved, but the battery life quite honestly SUCKED on."
Only things I don't like about this phone is that the charging port is on the side. I don't like the glossy black back cover. I'd rather rubberized. And no micro hdmi port. I used it a lot for Sunday ticket and NBA league pass. The phone speaker isn't better than the original EVO.
"One of the best in the ongoing EVO line.  Sleek, fast, and current.  I love the big screen and how well it fits in my hands."
"I am not going to go into details repeating what others have stated. This phone has everything I desire in a smartphone. Great radio/phone quality, screen, camera,  & HTC sense works extremely well. I often make use of the HTC calendar/agenda widgets. As a professional these tools are very use full for staying organized. The HTC email app is excellent. You can actually get it to push your gmail email if you set it up as Microsoft exchange. Now I can have all my emails from different providers together in one email app with push without the need for a third party mail client from Google's playstore. When I first saw photos of the phone online I thought the design was rather ugly. Seeing and holding the phone in person is a different story. It definitely looks different but I like it. I am very satisfied with the build quality. I can go all day on one charge , sometimes a day and a half depending on usage. I actually found this phone at Walmart a day or two after the phone was released from customs. I was available for $158.00 with a new 2 year agreement. Make no mistake, this is the best android phone available on any carrier. Its only competition is the samsung galaxy s3. I am not concerned with LTE coverage because I have wifi at home and work and in most public places such as malls, restaurants, coffee shops etc provide free wifi. If you live in the Miami, Florida area you will be happy to know the first LTE tower is scheduled to be on by the end of June. If you are a sprint customer this is the phone to get. If sprint has good coverage in your area and you have considered switching carriers and saving on your monthly bill, this is the carrier/phone to get. I can't compare it to the galaxy s3 US version because it is not released yet. I have had this phone for about 2 weeks, and have had no issues. So far my experience has been enjoyable, I am very pleased with this product."
"I was an owner of the original EVO and until now, none of the NEW phones thrilled me. It seemed like I had to give something up to get things I didn't really need, like 3D video. This phone does everything the original EVO did and then some. Picture quality, just as good, video quality, 1080 capable. 1.5 Ghz Dual core?,, that was a serious step up. More ram ,,,Check, MUCH better battery life, check,, bigger screen check. They really got it right on this one and I would say go for it if your thinking about getting one. Oh yeah,, and I didn't have to call my every Sprint store in the area for 3 weeks to get this one, it is actually available."
This new EVO LTE is an awesome phone. I've been using this phone for two weeks and a day. I was one of the first to receive the phone on my pre-order from Sprint regardless its the same phone here on amazon.
Use caution here. I've had my HTC EVO just 33 days. Today it just simply died. Made a call it had 3/4 charge and 30 minutes later it's just dead. No lights even on the wall charger.
"I have owned an HTC EVO 4G since it was rolled out, and believe it is the best phone since my old Motorola bag-phone. My EVO fell off the roof of my car at 55 MPH and has been working since with a broken screen, so, when the EVO LTE was released I was excited about getting my upgrade and not using a phone with a shattered screen. I ""upgraded"" the first week it came out and excitedly took it home, where the honeymoon ended rather abruptly."
"Here's the deal.  Whether you read the reviews on here or you read the ""professional"" reviews from people paid to review products for periodicals, etc or the reviews on websites dedicated to such products, you will find that this is a great phone.  The fact is that yes, this is a great phone in terms of features, usability, software, physical attributes, etc.  I will note that I originally I was disappointed in the lack of a physical battery for two reasons.  One, I was used to having to crashes where I would need to shut my phone off by doing a battery pull.  This is solved by holding the power button down for ten seconds which simulates the hardware battery pull.  Second, I wanted to be able to swap batteries for extended times away from a charging source and in the long run in case the battery needs replacing.  For replacement--yes you can actually remove it, but you need special tools and knowledge of what you are doing.  For extended times, I purchased the Anker Astro3 SlimTalk"
"This is an excellent phone with great features and functionality. So as long as the phone works, it is a delight to use this phone. However, there is a BIG design flaw that pretty much renders the phone useless - the micro usb port on this phone is used for charging and synching. The battery is not removable. Therefore the ONLY way to charge the battery and keep the phone functional is through this usb port. This is where the problem lies - this usb port is extremely delicate with a track record of falling apart very easily, just through everyday use. once that happens, the port cannot be repaired or replaced. Sprint will ask you to go through insurance to get a replacement phone by paying $150.00 deductible. or if you don't have insurance, you are left with buying a new phone."
