"I weighed weather I wanted to get this phone... now that I have it, my wife, two daughters, and three friends own one too. I am a prime member and only order direct from Amazon. All of our phones came totally ready. Most of us have t mobile and two have at&t; and after the sim is in, it does everything it is suppose to. We live near the Philadelphia metro area so calls, messages, internet, play store apps, my maps and navigation, it all works normally. It will save you hundreds!!!"
This is the worst phone product i have ever seen since i started using mobil phone. I have a lot to say but all I can sayis this brand is bad. I will never recommend it to nobody. To me is waist of money to buy this kind of phone.Thank you
I got the phone for my girl. And a week later the sceen was getting lines in it. So i payed almost a $100 dollars for a phone that sucks...
For 1 its not quadband and its 2G and its awful!!! This phone wont even Let u download a Gps app and half the apps on here wont work and youtube wont play on here and neither will netflix. AwfuL phone!!! Dont get it!!! Errr...
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!! You will be very disappointed. Does not work. The box has some sort of oriental writing on the box.
"I don't know if I just happened to get a defective phone or this phone is really not of good quality. I bought this phone for my daughter and she has had nothing but problems with it. She can't even call out on the phone. When I used to call her it made a very loud noise and static in the phone. She can't send or receive picture messages. They say the phone is compatible with T mobile but it is not. I have wal-mart family mobile but they run  off the t-moible network. The phone looks nice, but that is the only good thing that is has to offer. Sending it back to amazon in the morning. I would definitely not recommend this phone."
"The screen came alittle opened, the phone is slow, you can't screenshot nd the battery runs out to quickly.I dont recommend this product."
i have no bars no service unless i walk like down the street but when i had my old phone i got service by my house
"It is great and has arabic language. It is just awesome but not 2 sims work. only one works. It can work outside USA. Battery does not stand very long, but still great."
I can't hear the incoming call and it's hard to charge as the charger doesn't fit the mobile easily.you can hardly find the cover.I dont suggest this phone.
dis phone works better than u think i love this phone its pretyy inside and out itds just fabulous for me
