"I've owned iPhones since Verizon first started selling them, they work great, stable, slick, popular... however I grew tired of having to jailbreak just to tweak it like I wanted, only being able to keep one application really open at a time and the lack of a good native browser with an accurate keyboard.  Then I always get some random ""SAFE MODE"" crash thing at least once per week."
"Overused phrase ""game-changer"", but it's appropriate for this phone...or more specifically, this operating system."
"If you are in need of a fast, efficient and effective communication device, then this, Z10, is the SMARTEST phone for you. The underlying Z10 OS has about 100,000 lines of code versus 3,000,000+ in Androids to get similar things done. That is SUPER SMART!"
"After using older Blackberry phones, I can tell you that this phone is night and day better.  Going back to using iOS and Android feels so ""old"" after using this interface."
"This phone is absolutely fantastic.  Blackberry is back.  I came from the iPhone 4 and was deciding between the z10 and the iPhone 5.  My gf has an iPhone 5, but after reading reviews on Amazon I had to play with a z10 in person before making a decision.  Man, I am glad I chose the z10!  It has a larger screen than the iPhone 5 but isn't ginormous like the Galaxy S4.  It fits nicely in your palm and is very light.  Aesthetically, the phone is very sleek and definitely has the cool factor going for it.  One of my favorite features is that the phone has a sort of built in case with a hard plastic back and strong screen."
"As a former iPhone user I couldnt be more pleased to have made the switch the the Z10. The phone itself looks sexy and fits wonderfully in one or two hands -not too big not too small. The screen is bright and crisp. The sound if fantastic, the speakerphone puts the iPhone to shame. The OS does take a bit of getting used to and yes there are still a few tweaks that would be ideal, but all in all it is intuitive, sleek, fresh and fluid. Give it a shot, play around with it, there is nothing that I do not like thus far, and so many new surprises as I learned new tricks on the Z10. Definitely recommend."
"I've been using this phone for the last few days and I have to say I'm surprised at how good it is. I was a Blackberry user several years ago and then switched to Android and frankly BB didn't come close in terms of functionality, performance or customization. But this new BB Z10 is much better. Why? Because it's finally like the Smartphones that have been kicking its butt."
"I got this phone the day it came out from Verizon.  I find the gestures intuitive and incredibly easy to use.  The keyboard is by far the best virtual keyboard available on a smart phone.  I'm amazed when I type that the phone seems to know what you are going to say and with the ""flick"" typing I type faster than I used to on my old BlackBerry physical keyboard.  The app selection could be better but this should continue to improve over time.  Plus with the fantastic browser many apps can be replaced by setting up a link to a web page."
"For me, my phone's primary function is to communicate. I use sms, emails, twitter, whatsapp and other social apps to get in touch with my friends and my online peeps. And no one does this better than blackberry."
I originally purchased this phone to replace my iPhone 4S.  My old iPhone is a trooper and still going strong after a few years of use but I wanted a different experience from iOS so gave Blackberry's Z10 a shot.  First things first it is a great feeling handset.  The phone feels just right in my hands and the backing is easy to grip.  The Blackberry OS is smooth and fluid with no lag or delays and much more intuitive than even iOS.  It takes maybe a minute to figure out the gestures and get going.  Blackberry's Hub is a great idea with great execution on the Z10.  This phone makes multitasking insanely simple.
Got this from Verizon on Friday and loved every minute of it.
I have been using BlackBerry's for many years and just replaced a BB Curve with the new Z10. The phone is everything I hoped for and more. I was waiting for the Q10 but after reading reviews on the Z10's virtual keyboard I decide to give it a try. It is truly amazing. I would never go back to a physical keyboard after this. The software practically reads you mind when suggesting next words. I use the Z10 side by side with my work iPhone and the Z10 excels in ever way. Great job BlackBerry !
"This phone is fantastic, I've had it for almost two weeks now and love every part of it.  The phone is fast in every sense, there is no lag, browser is blazing fast and can view any website because it recognizes flash, and the 4G LTE network with verizon is really impressive as well.  The keyboard is great especially coming from a physical keyboard. As it learns how you type and you add words to the dictionary it starts to get very smart and avoids the autocorrect issues that you get on other touch screen phones like the iphone.  The phone is a perfect size, a little smaller than a galaxy s3 and a little bigger than an iphone 5, feels great in the hand.  It has every app I need, and when there isn't an app I want in BlackBerry World, I can sideload apps like instagram, netflix, and snapchat very easily, and they work just fine.  Buy this phone because it is only going to get better."
"I absolutely love the BlackBerry Z10!  Yes I've had BlackBerry phones in the past, but I've also had a Droid (was very unhappy with) and I use an iPod touch daily.  Like many Blackberry users I was waiting for the new Blackberry and while I wish for the company's sake it had come out sooner it was worth the wait for me."
"I actully had planned on getting the Z10 and when I went to the Verizon store I ended up getting the Galaxy S4 because I felt that it was a superior phone feature wise and every Verizon salesperson I have spoken with about the BB Z10 was so unenthusiastic about the phone. Had the Galaxy S4 for about 5 days and took it back for the Z10 just because I wanted the BB!  The Verizon sales looser seriously thought I was an idiot for trading the phone.  DONT CARE! I am so glad I did! I love this phone.  I think the best thing about the phone is the fact that the user interphase is just uniquely different from IOs and Android.  This is phone is for someone that always has an app and three web tabs open, and need to go between the three constanly.  The hub is great and customizable for your messaging needs. I only have text, phone calls, and Gmail on my hub (dont use BBM).. Peek and flow really does allow for you to check other things or notifications on the phone without closing anything out.  The second best thing about the phone is the physical feel of the phone. I feel like I have an actual smart phone in my hand, not a plastic toy. It has enough weight to it to give it proper feel, without being too heavy.  Also the keyboard is great in landscape or portrait mode.  A couple of annoying quirks.. but no way I would  ratie this phone below a 5 star.  I have dealt with a couple of random reboots as mentioned by others that I am sure Verizon and BB will take care of. Need more customization on volume control also. Not exactly sure what the ""main system volume"" really even controls. App selection right now is not good but Im not really an app dude anyway"
"I've always enjoyed features of BlackBerry phones, but just like most, when the smartphone came along, I switched to the Androids. I've only had the Z10 for about one month, but I truly love it!"
"I have been a BB user for a lot of years and I am thoroughly comfortable saying this is the best yet!  My last one was a Bold 9930 and it was adequate for the most part but lagged far behind the competition.  This model is right up there with the best, if not THE best!  I have no regrets sticking with BB and I encourage everyone to at least go into the store and try it out. Incidently, this particular model is for Verizon...I have the T-Mobile version running the latest OS."
The Z10 is not withstanding the best cell phone that I have owned yet.
Ordered the phone knowing I would exchange it for a Galaxy device if I did not like it. It exceeded my expectations. I love the new BB10 interface. The keyboard and camera are amazing. Integration with Box and Dropbox is seamless. After getting this my wife decided to get a Z10 also instead of the iPhone 5 she was planning on.
"Having been a long time blackberry user, I have been patient to pass judgment. I was excited about the much needed overhaul of the OS that would come with this device."
"Bought the phone from Amazon at 1/2 the price of Verizon -- even though I have the Verizon 2-year contract. Now it appears to be 1/4 the price of Verizon! Still running on OS 10.0 -- waiting for Verizon to push out OS 10.1.  Love the new HUB. The virtual keyboard with predictive text is much better than prior BB Torch -- learns where you poke you fingers.  Solidly built, removable battery, etc.  Looking forward to the new enhancements with OS 10.1 and later OS 10.2.  My iPhone friends keep looking at it! If you keep any data on the phone that you want to secure or keep safe, this is the only phone to buy.  Full US Government security tested for data protection using encryption, remote locate and wipe, etc. Of course you need to use a password for access control to enable that. Runs both BB native APPS and Android APPS.  Maybe iPhone APPS in the future??  Full multi-tasking operating system. The BBM video chat is cool - easy to video call daughter on her Q10. Super fast browser including Adobe Flash Video support. Camera has time shifting to pick the right image. The new BB maps supports voice control. As long as you have a cell signal, who needs a stand alone GPS. Plenty of APPS and games. While iPhone has thousands of APPS, how many does anyone load? Rather have a good APP than 10 crappy APPS. I prefer the Z10 over the Q10 as I can zoom the screen to read the text easier without putting on the reading glasses. My daughter who churns out thousands of txt message a month loves the Q10 qwerty keyboard. You can't go wrong with this phone. Don't let the other folks advertising or your friends comment that the new BlackBerry is not cool -- learn about it ... you'll love it!"
i am truly satisfied with the service price and product i couldnt be happier thank you so much i still cant believe the price!!!
"I absolutely am in love my Blackberry Z10.  I have been spreading the word to all of my friends.  It's fast, easy to use and the HUB makes my life so much easier.  I have absolutely no complaints about it.  It's sleek and the picture quality is incredible.  It has far exceeded my expections.  I have used Blackberry for years and am so proud to be carrying the new Z10!"
BlackBerry is back!! Great phone!!! Apple is now copying many of its great features in ios7. Love seeing apple behind the curve.
I love this phone! The new OS10 is great! The only not so great thing is the battery life. I suggest getting a spare battery if you're on your phone all day.
"Ordered a black and white Z10 . I would recommend these phones to anyone except for people that are enslaved into crApples ecosystem. Those that have invested $$$$$ into Apples ecosystem may find it difficult to transfer everything over but maybe not, would take some research."
What a phone!
Can't be happier with this phone. It blows away all of my expectations. Truly better than Apple and Android. Just wish Verizon would hurry up and release the 10.1 update. All of the other carriers all ready have.
"So, I selected my new z10 (via verizon, if that matters) in no small part because of its manufacturing/assembly in Canada; It's far from perfect as I'm sure many parts are made in sweatshop conditions, but it's still a step in the right direction away from FOXCONN conditions.  That said, the phone itself is okay.  It's user experience has a couple notable features (such as the hub which I enjoy), but it is less polished and a tad less sophisticated even than the iphone 3gs (if far more powerful and with infinitely better a camera (no doubt equivalent to the modern iphone and equivalent.))"
"Blackberry made a giant leap forward with this phone, it is smooth, versatile, responsive, anything you want it to be.  If you have a Droid or especially and iphone, throw it in the aquarium and get a real phone a Z10."
"My impressions, after 5 days of ownership."
"i was very excited to get the new blackberry z10 & after having it for a few days i would call it an ok phone, what bothers me most is that i cant copy past the phone numbers of the contact list, for emails its great"
"I though that blackberry finally got it together but they are not,"
was thrilled that i was going to be using a smart phone.
disappointed. Was expecting something spectacular...
