I didn't purchase this product through amazon but I wanted to add this review regardless as I often do use amazon to either purchase products or read reviews about products that I am interested in buying.  I thought this review might help someone else out just as the many reviews I have read here over the years have helped me out on occasion.  So here's my story.
"I spent a lot of time looking for the right laptop cooler, I even did a little hands on shopping at the local big boy toy store. This model is REALLY thin and VERY light, probably the absolute easiest to put in a bag without looking like something just exploded inside. You'll definitely want this one if you have a large laptop like mine, (17"" HP Pavilion dv7), it fits quite perfectly underneath and has fold out lifts in the back if you need them. There are rubber cushions on all 4 corners and the fold out legs. This unit allows you to plug into either side of the computer's USB in case you have a cable conflict on one side, the cable fits out of the way underneath the cooler. Quiet, YES. I can't hear the fan at all but the large fan moves air quite well. Not sure whats not to like here."
I've been using an
"I own a Dell Studio laptop.  It gets very hot when I use it for extended periods of time and frankly, fairly hot with only brief incidental use.  Turns out that when I looked up reviews about this laptop - it's a major complaint (only one fan and it does not produce enough airflow to properly cool the unit - many documented issues with hard drives going bad)."
"I ordered this product for my 13-inch macbook pro, which gets quite hot when I play games projected onto a TV through an HDMI."
"I had high hopes for this product, and the first few weeks of using it was perfect. However, things slowly began to fall apart. The USB cord came unhitched from inside the casing, and I could NOT get inside to fix it = frustrating. I did my best to keep the cord out of the way, but eventually it hit at just the right moment and a piece of the fan broke off. Even if I could figure out a way to break into the case and remove the shard, the broken fan makes the whole thing wobble terribly. Basically, it's a cheap product, so don't expect to use it for more than a few months to year (if you're a more delicate person than me, I suppose)."
"Ok, its just a cooling pad.  But compared to the Targus cooling pad that I had bought previously, its night and day.  The laptop is barely lukewarm when I'm finished using it.  Heck, even the top of the laptop seems cooler."
"This is a great cooling pad,elegant and smart design,one massive fan at the middle that push the air in all direction that means the whole laptop stays cool,I notice about 5 degrees cooler ,also quiet,very sturdy,strong construction,the usb connector can be neatly channel to the left or right side of your laptop, no need to elevate the front to get more air,this design is pushing more air without elevation compare to other cooling pads,perfect fit for my 16 inch toshiba satellite also accomodate my 17 inch satellite without problems,if your looking for the best cooling pad at a great price look no further..."
"This cooling pad is very quiet and it does its job and keeps my computer cool! My laptop is 17 inches, the cooling pad is a little too small for it but it doesn't make a big difference. I would definitely suggest this product to anyone else. Some of the negative reviews were about the blades breaking or the wire being caught in the fan. If you turn the cooling pad over you can see there are grooves for the wire that plugs into your computer to fit into. As long as you use these wires you will have no problems whatsoever. I have never had trouble with my wires being caught in the fan. Once you put the wire in place, it stays in place. Very good buy, I just wish it was able to fit my 17 inch laptop just a little better."
"I bought this cooling pad from Frys for $20.  It is a good inexpensive cooling pad.  Others are better, but cost more.  I use this for a 15.6 Lenovo laptop and its size is just about the same footprint.  I like the big fan although in a hot environment (outside) it did not keep the laptop as cool as I'd have liked.  It was definitely heating up.  That being said, I use my laptop usually at a desk or on my lap inside.  I like this cooling fan because it is slim, isn't sloped, so it can lay flat and is easy to pack in my bag.  This works well in my lap, just make sure there is enough air intake area (especially on your lap)."
Bought  this for my wife for Christmas. 25 days later fan blades just fell off. Complete waste of money . Avoid at all costs.
"I purchased two of these for 15.6"" laptops by Lenovo and HP.  The Cooler Master NotePal fits great underneath both of them, and is easy to hook-up."
"My 21 month old laptop suddenly started running extremely hot and shutting itself off without notice just over a week ago,an Acer 15.6 inch. I look around and decided on this cooling pad, and received it last night. I was a little leary about it only being $15.  I used my laptop for 3 hours straight and this thing kept it cool! It is lightweight yet durable, has back legs that can be folded down, and puts out a decent amount of cooling.It has a metal mesh top and is very well vented. Also, the fan is so quiet I would not know it was running if I did not feel it.  The only problem that I see it the ""pass through usb"". I totally understand the need for it, as if not you would be a wasting a port for the fan, but the location of it, at least on my laptop, is on the front left side. Last night already I scraped my hand on it and drew blood. So now I have a quite unattractive piece of styrofoam covering it. I cannot speak as to the duration of it's lifetime, as it has only been one day, but I will follow if it dies anytime soon."
"I have what my husband calls a ""giant"" laptop- it has a 17"" or 19"" screen or something (I can't ever remember which), and it's difficult to find a cooler that will fit under the whole computer.  This one works perfectly- it fits completely under my laptop.  I really like the option of having ""feet,"" even though I don't always use them.  I also like that I can plug the USB in either side- really convenient.  I have my computer on it all the time, and just plug in the fan when I'm going to be using it for long periods, like writing a paper or something.  Even without the fans on, my computer stays much cooler."
"This pad is reasonably priced, works great and reduced the average operating temperature on my Dell Inspiron Laptop from 80+ degrees centigrade to around 62 degrees centigrade. I recommend this for anyone experiencing unexplained sysgtem crashes and other heat related problems. Get Speccy free on-line (google ccleaner) to find it and this free utility will scope your system and you'll know if you've got a heat related problem. Great value."
"I thought this notebook cooler was great until today. For the first time, I packed up my laptop to take it somewhere. When I picked up the cooler, which has been sitting under the laptop since it arrived, no movements, absolutely nothing to cause it damage, I discovered that two of the fan blades had simply broken off. Nothing I did, I assure you. Shoddy workmanship is the likely cause. Whether I got a lemon and everyone else who has positively reviewed this product still has a working model, I cannot say. My experience causes me to emphatically NOT recommend it."
"This product worked great for a couple weeks, then started vibrating and smoking. Investigation showed that one of the fan blades broke right off in way less than a month. Very dissatisfied and can't even seem to find a way to let amazon know about it. I was a gift to my wife, so much for those brownie points."
"My old laptop cooling pad recently broke and rather than immediately replace it with the same product, I did some research to see if better ones were out there.  I discovered this one and was thrilled to see that it was the same price as my old one, but a far superior product!  Not only does this cooling pad keep my laptop significantly cooler than my last one, but I really like the USB extender--since my laptop only has 3 USB slots, losing one to the cooling pad is a pain.  But with this cooling pad that's not an issue at all!  Additionally, this pad is super quiet."
"I purchased this after I got an error message on my computer telling me the fan wasn't working correctly. This product seems to do the trick, I haven't gotten that message since I have been using the cooling pad. As for longevity, it is too soon to tell. I would recommend this to my friends."
"After doing some research on the best coolers for my alienware m17x and after a period of searching, i find this guy. I didn't want to go too far out of my price range ($20 was a perfect fit) and needed something big enough for my 17.3 inch laptop."
"Sometimes I like to put laptop on bed with this cooler. Today I felt that the laptop is a little bit vibrating, and this must be due by unbalance of the fan. So I checked the cooler and found that two blades of the fan is broken and I cannot get them out!"
This is the best fan I have purchased.  The only problem is the fan wire came loose inside the enclosure.  Easily fixed with some electrical tape.  Super slim profile and ultra quiet!
"I've gone through two of these (the first was replaced).  If used on a flat surface, it works great.  If there is any pressure on the bottom of the cooling pad, the frame may interfere with the fan, and eventually it will stop running.  Because I use my laptop exclusively on my lap, I eventually had to buy something else designed to accommodate me.  (for instance, when I shift my laptop to one thigh because the cat is on the other)  If you will always use your laptop at a table or desk, this if an economical choice.  Otherwise, I'd recommend something with a sturdier frame if you shift your laptop around a lot."
Loved the item when first received...3 blades have already broken off the fan and it rumbles like a jet now...unusable!
I would really prefer to give it 3 1/2 stars but 4 will do.
This cooling pad works great. The only complaint I have is that on one side of the USB plug is really sharp and I keep scratching and sometimes cutting myself on it...
"we'll see how the durability is and how long it lasts, but so far I am very impressed."
"This cooling pad is perhaps over an inch in thickness. Material is light, but well constructed. Originally i though the screen over the fan would be composed of some kind of plastic but was surprised when it was actually a porous metal grill similar to though found on speakers. The 160mm fan works well, however it isn't silent, using a frequency app on my phone, the Coolermaster  produces its largest peak at 200HZ at an amplitude of -60db, with its second largest peak at 5Khz that is -70db from there there it produces a broad distribution from 0Hz-20kHZ averaging at -80db. What do all the numbers mean? The fan produces a little white noise, but because of a wide distribution over several frequencies the sound shouldn't be irritating. My ivy bridge runs 2-3 degrees C cooler, which is acceptable for my intended use. I would like to point out that if your laptop has ventral exhaust ports the cooling may be more dramatic for instance 8-10 degress C. Good product so far, ill update if any issues arise."
I have used these cooling pad for atleast 8 months. They are still working and they are quite durable. Works Great.
IT WORKS JUST LIKE. IT'S SUPPOSED TO. WE ARE VERY HAPPY WITH BOTH OF THEM. I'LL RECOMEND IT TO ALL WHO ASK
"Originally got this to save my old laptop, which has a failing cooling fan.  Unfortunately, it still died, but with my new laptop it's doing a great job of keeping it cool.  I love that it can give me a nice angle and that it's really lightweight!  Also, the fact that it's not really using up a USB port is a major plus."
"My Macbook Air heats up a lot. I love the laptop but it has insufficient cooling feature built into the laptop. As a result, I decided that I will need a cooling device to keep the laptop cool while in use. I did a lot of research and found that this item had the most favorable review. After i pulled the trigger and used it for a week now, I can say this is a great product. Fan is little loud but it does what it is supposed to do. Plus, it is powered by a usb slot and you dont have to sacrifice a usb slot to use it because it comes with a built in adapter. Overall, its a very good product"
"The Cooler Master is a decent product. It's big enough to handle the giant 17 inch desktop replacements while at the same time compact enough to handle your 13 inch MacBook Pro. Although, for my particular case it didn't fully cool my laptop when I ran games, it worked fine when I used it for my brother's macbook. My problem is probably particular to my laptop rather than it being a bad product. I would recommend the Cooler Master to anyone."
"Upon upgrading to Windows 8 i notice that my computer was running faster, but also hotter. Some times up to 105 degrees Celsius . Some times it turns itself off. I added this cooling pad and started running SpeedFan software the internal fan running at 100% and the laptop now runs 30 degrees cooler when running the same burn-in test that used to take it to 105."
"I am, frankly, astonished at the quality of NotePal X-Slim. I spent $20 on a cooling pad a few months ago at Best Buy and after a few months of having to place my laptop on it in the right position to allow somewhat decent ventilation, I came to Amazon (once again) to find something that would do at least a decent job of cooling my Satellite while gaming. Cooler Master NotePal X-Slim arrived at my doorstep today and I can't be happier with a cooling pad. I've owned several from Belkin to Targus and onward, and the X-Slim is the most functional and effective cooling pad I've ever owned--and at almost half the money I've spent on any other cooling pad."
"This model fits a 17"" laptop well.  Very exact fit.  It plugs into the laptop via a usb port and shuts off when the laptop shuts down.  The Cooler Master is slightly angled so it gives the laptop a slight tilt on a desk, which makes it easier to type, more ergonomic.  It doesn't take up much extra space on a desk under the laptop, either.  The HP's have the cooler master feature now, but this is a nice 'insurance policy' to prevent overheating.  The price was right and quality at this point seems to be good."
"Good value. Fan is fairly quiet. Got two of these and they fit both my 15.6"" and 17.3"" laptops just fine. Rear height adjustment is nice although it would be better if the tabs would lock in the upright position. The USB plug design could pose a problem for some users. The cable extends out the left side of the USB plug. This could obstruct a neighboring port."
The Cooler Master works great.  It's the perfect size for my laptop and I haven't have any problems with overheating while using it.  There are three things that could be better.  The USB pass through plug had a rough edge that sticks out.  The fan sticks if pressed in the middle.  There needs to be rubber feet or edging on the top of the pad to stop the laptop from sliding.
The product works great. The fan's noise is low. The price is very reasonable. I will buy another one for my new laptop.
"I bought this for my wife's Mac Mini that has a weak internal fan, causing it to get hot and slow down. This has a greater amount of fins on it than others I've used for my laptop. It is large enough for the Mac mini as well as the external storage drive she uses for large photo and music files. Both are being sufficiently cooled now."
