"Case Logic, Inc. has been around since 1984, which is probably right about the time I bought my first Case Logic case for my cassette tapes. Over the years, as they added items to their product line, so I added their products to my collection. As a sample, I believe I have owned at one point or another, Case Logic cassette cases, CD & DVD cases, CD player cases, Zip Drive cases, trunk organizers, and more. I'm looking around my home office and I can spot several of their products and I bet you do too. Case Logic's 13.3 Laptop Sleeve (LAPS-113) is one of many sleeves that Case Logic makes and it just might be the perfect protective, no frills sleeve for your 13.3-inch or smaller laptop."
I've been using this case a couple weeks and like it so far. I strongly recommend NOT BUYING THE RED ONE! I ordered it thinking black would be too boring but the red is not like the picture and its quite an ugly red.
"Case is the perfect size for my 17.3"" HP dv7t Quad laptop with just a little room to spare, which I think I could probably squeeze my mouse in there even if it protruded on the one side.  I wanted a case that was a snug fit, thin (not bulky), and could be put in larger bag for transport (like a carry-on) without worrying about the laptop getting scratched or bumped around.  It is a soft and pliable cover, so it doesn't offer the same type of protection as a stiffer cover, but for the price, it's a solid investment."
"This is a perfect fit to my 15"" Samsung Series 9 ultrabook, 9.5"" x 14"". Since it is so hard to find a perfect fit. I just want to leave a moment here so other people could buy it."
I just bought a 13in MacBook Pro and needed a case asap for it. Saw this case and so far so good! Fit my laptop perfectly plus its a cute shade of pink :) Love the case and couldn't beat the price anywhere else.
this case fits the macbook pro 13in perfectly! its cute and a good material and appears to have some extra room for even the cord to fit in with it. get this!
"I have been searching for a decent and inexpensive slip case to hold my Apple MacBook Air. Outside of traveling 70 miles to the nearest Apple Store, it's been hard to find what I need."
"This case is a sleek, nicely padded, elegant product, but it is not a good fit for the 2012 MacBook Pro with Retina Display.  It is at least 1 inch too large in length and width which leaves the notebook sliding around inside the case.  What's the point in purchasing a small, light, thin computer if the case is too big?"
"I bought this sleeve for my Chromebook and am pleased with it. It fills a niche for computers that aren't tiny or ""normal"" sized. My Chromebook fits well in it, with a little bit of wiggle room. The sleeve is very light, but the padding is definitely sufficient. The exterior is easy to hold I have not worried about dropping it with my laptop in it."
"I was expecting a mere utilitarian sleeve to hold my 13"" Mac Pro laptop. I am delighted that it also provides some aesthetic satisfaction. The color is a solid inky black, with no lighter threads in the design. The Case Logic logo on the front is small, with the yellow-orange square of half-sun that pops out stylishly and yet is unobtrusive. The woven webbing on the sides is a nice nifty touch."
"I got this for my Sony VAIO S Series 13.3"" laptop [13.04"" x 8.85""], and it fits in this case perfectly with [close to 1.25"" thick] or without [0.95"" thick] a sheet battery (secondary battery that attaches to the bottom of the laptop) that I got with the laptop.  There is a little of extra space that this would work with a slightly thicker or longer laptop but the side way, 13.04"", seems like the widest this case can take unless you want to somehwat force your laptop into it."
This seems like a nice useful sleeve.  Not too bulky.
What can you say about a neoprene sleeve.  It works as advertised and fits my 13 inch macbook perfectly.  Not too thick and not too thin.  Not slippery so no fear about it slipping when walking with it. Good for a little extra protection in a generic backpack. No need to remove from the case at the airport security.  There is a fairly thick bead/piping that keeps the zipper from scratching the laptop.
"Fits new Lenovo T420S very well.  Correct width and only a 1/4 inch of added depth.  Fit, build, and protection is far better than the Lenovo site recommended case as I have both."
"I use this case for my 13-inch MacBook Air. While the MBA is a little snug in the case, it fits without any trouble. I find that I can leave the MBA in the case while it's charging by turning the MBA to face the logo-side of the case and still keeping it zipped up, protecting it all the while. That's really a great feature. The padding is perfectly adequate to protect against a slight drop or the general wear-and-tear from keeping in my backpack. When outside the case, my MBA can rest on the case so it doesn't scratch or get scratched by dirty tables inside or outside."
"The case works great, it's thick and feels decently sturdy. I use it to carry my Lenovo to school. The only thing I can say against the product is that it's not as snug as I would like for it to be. There's about an inch of extra room for my 15.6 inch."
"I bought this sleeve for my Samsung 11.6"" ultraportable notebook.  I can slip my notebook into the sleeve and there's about less than 1/4 inch of space on each of the sides.  I can comfortably zip the sleeve close and there's about 1/2 inch of space on top.  This is a nicely padded sleeve that will protect my laptop.  Not flimsy at all.  Overall, the case is made well.  It fits in my backup nicely."
"I just bought a macbook and saw this case and loved it! It's the cutest shade of pink and perfect for carrying around in my backpack for college. I saw this at Best Buy for fourty dollars, but chose to buy it on here because it was so much cheaper! Eighteen dollars is such a steal! =) Thanks amazon!"
I bought my 13inch macbook for college but I take the bus so I needed a way to carry it around. I went to bestbuy to only find that all their sleeves were $40-$50. I new it was a rip off so I Amazoned macbook pro sleeves found this one and ordered it using best buy's wifi. It came and my laptop fit perfectly in it. Justice was served and I would definitely recommend this to any one who does not want to get ripped off by best buy.
"I have a Toshiba Z935 ultrabook and the case logic 13.3 inch sleeve fits it almost perfectly. Since the toshiba ultrabooks are so thin, there is obviously space in the case in terms of the thickness, but length and width of the case fit the Z935 absolutely perfectly."
"Just what I was looking for -- the perfect protective, no frills sleeve for my 13.3-inch MacBookPro.  I wanted something to protect it when I throw it in my backpack or brief case.  Perfect to keep it from little dings and especially for travel.  Definitely no frills, but with good top zipper with protective edging."
"It fits a 17.3"" Acer just right. It probably protects the device as much as my laptop bag, which does not say much, but using both is good protection.  There is no handle, but with a 17.3"" laptop, you don't have a lot of choice.  It feels like neoprene and is nicely made.  I'm happy with the purchase."
"This case is advertised for Macbook air and Macbookpro retina display, just got mine, put my MacBook Pro retina in it and its way too big, theirs just too much free space inside off it, probably works for a regular macbook pro or other 13 inch laptops, but for thin ones, its just not a good fit, Im returning it."
"This appears to be a really nice, budget sleeve for protecting a laptop, but it does not fit the ASUS G75VW ROG Laptops. The battery/rear fan is too bulky and you will not be able to close the zipper. It's a great product for smaller laptops, just wanted to let you know. I didn't want to be one of those reviewers who reviews a good product poorly just because it didn't suit my needs for my 17"" laptop."
"I purchased the 14 inch case. While the outer dimensions of this product fit my Dell Lattitude E6420, the inner dimensions do not. This case is sized to fit a maximum laptop size of 13.5 x 1.7 x 9.7. Unfortunately, these dimensions are not posted anywhere and I have to return the product. I am still giving it 3 stars because it is a nice case and would protect a laptop smaller than mine."
"Its a little tight for my Asus vivibook 202, but it works. I think for the money it is a good purchase. If you want a leather, waterproof, fancy case, go spend $50.00"
"I bought this case hoping it would work for my 11.6"" ASUS VivoBook x202e notebook. It does in fact fit, but it is tight. The problem is that the screen of the notebook is 11.6"" but it has a wider bezel than most notebooks of the same screen size. The sides of the notebook rub along the case's zipper when trying to insert it, and it does require a little bit of effort getting it in (insert pun here)."
"Not saying my MacBoor Air does not fit, it does, but it also fits inside a large suitcase. This case if MacBook Pro, not for Air, your Air will swim inside the case."
"I just received my Case Logic sleeve. However, it is a little small for the Lenovo 13.3-inch Yoga. A little disappointing, considering they are supposed to be size compatible, and after reading other reviews and how it fits their same sized laptops and such. But, it is a tight fit. It does fit in the sleeve, but it is a bit of work. Not the ideal. Hopefully this saves other Yoga owners from buying this sleeve. Otherwise, it is a well built, great product."
"This is a very good case that was a tight fit at first for my Asus 11.6 Vivobook but it worked out just fine anyway; the laptop does not move around at all which ensures that it will not be damaged very easily.  This sleeve has a very normal design that does exactly what it is supposed to do, I would like if this one had an outside pocket or was available in navy (color) but that is no problem."
"It protects it well in my backpack and it isn't bulky at all. There is obviously no room for the cord, but if you just want something to make you feel like you can travel with your thin air in a bag without worrying, this is it. Plus, it's kind of fun to squish."
I bought it for my Chromebook. It fits perfectly in the sleeve and the sleeve is nicely padded. It's exactly what I wanted.
The color of the item is exactly the same with the picture. Really lovely. The size fit the mac perfectly. The quality is amazing! Love it!
"I priced this same case at Best Buy and it was $10 more than on here, so this is a reasonable price. If you have a large laptop, 17.3"" it will fit your laptop. It has nice padding and an easy to use zipper. I own a 17.3"" laptop and there is still space on the inside so it's not snug on your laptop. I recommend this laptop case."
"This case fits with MacBook Pro 13.3"" June 2012."
I love this case it makes me a little less nervous about putting my laptop in my bag. It also i big enough that I can put a case on my laptop and it will still fit! I love this!
"I ordered this case for my Macbook Air 13"" and it fit perfectly with no extra wiggle room. The pink is a cute color and the case is very sturdy. I have dropped my computer a couple of times and this case cushioned the blows perfectly."
"I just got a MacBook for school and I knew that I would need a case so that I could put it in my backpack. Every store I looked, they were so expensive! I did not want to buy an expensive computer, then have to buy an expensive case, too! So I looked on Amazon and I found this one. I really liked the color and it looked really sturdy. It came in the mail yesterday and it's perfect! It fits my computer like a glove, and the padding is thick enough so I don't have to worry about it being damaged in my backpack. I love it!!"
"Do not order this for the new line of 15"" Macbook Pros! This laptop case is enormous with over 1"" extra space in both width and height and around 3 times as tall as necessary for the MBP. Purchase this only if your 15"" laptop is extremely hefty!"
"I have been purchasing several products of Case Logic, and what I can say is that its really  worth the price."
