"Warning: My reviews are thorough, straight forward, and to the point..."
"If you buy this phone on amazon or anywhere else for the $1000+ price tag, your just a fool. This phone is great, but only slightly better than the 4S which also runs ios6. The iPhone 5 has a bigger screen which is useful, a slightly better processing chip, and that's about it. If you don't own an iphone, getting a 4 or 4S is a better deal since will cost you like 40% less but is only like 10% inferior to the iphone 5."
New Features:
I recently switched to Verizon and looked at multiple reviews to help me decide between the Samsung Galaxy S 4 and the iPhone 5. I decided on the iPhone but the person at the counter convinced me that the Galaxy is a better phone and I took it home. I did have a problem in that the Galaxy seemed to come on even though I turned it off at night. I went back and rather than get another S4 I decided to give the iPhone a chance. So now I have experience with both.
"Hi there, this is a review from a 22 year old tech enthusiast. The review is quite long, but I have organized them into separate categories, so you don't have to read the whole thing. Here's a little about myself."
"I never wrote any review. This is my first time because I was so disappointed about my iPhone 5. I am a huge fan of iPhone and never go with anything else. I am using a MacBook Pro, and owned a MacBook Air. I was excited to wait for iPhone 5. First, I love the new design. The weight is light, and the phone looks just so elegant compare to the 4 and 4S. I love the white color, and of course, the screen and its contrast is much better than the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (my hubby using the Note 2, switched from iPhone 4S). So, 2 stars because of the design. The disappointed part came from the signal. I got no wi-fi signal in my house, although I stand next to my router. My 4 and the Note 2 got full bar of signal. But that's not the end of the story. Last week I had some follow up with my dentist and my doctor. None of them could get a hold of me. They even asked me, when I called back, which is the good number to call me because they'd tried so many time but got my voice mail (and if the voice mail is from the morning, it will never show up in my phone until afternoon or late evening). Guess what, there was no signal/no service in my office which never happened to my iPhone 4 nor the Note 2, or any other phone everyone used in there. Only 2 people did not have any signal at all, me and my boss who just got the iPhone 5 as well. No wi-fi, no service, and no 4G. I felt like I was isolated in an island during 9 hours at work a day. Not that, the signal got lost when I was on the road, too."
"I decided to skip the iPhone 4S and made the leap to a refurbished iPhone 5 from AT&T.; On February 5, 2013, I received the iPhone 5 and upgraded to iOS 6.1, which went smoothly. After the iPhone rebooted, the screen immediately started to transition to a white haze contrast every 5-10 minutes. I figured it was a faulty display, so I took the iPhone to an Apple Store nearby and they exchanged it. I was handed a new iPhone 5 and was very excited. After installing iOS 6.1 on my new iPhone everything went smoothly. I love the iPhone 5 and all it has to offer, especially the ability to use AirPlay. Having had the iPhone 3G & 4, I must say that using the iPhone 5 with the latest firmware 6.1.2 is horrible. I had a better experience using the iPhone 3G and 4. I am a Certified IT Specialist and is having the following issues: Wi-Fi connectivity is very poor, email loads very slowly, the App Store downloads are still slow, Apps take a long time to load, battery lasts about a day... to name a few. I know its not the iPhone; but the software. I hope Apple addresses these issues among others with their new iOS release 6.1.3. I have the best iPhone to date, just a not so good iOS to complement it."
Pro:
"After flip-flopping between all major mobile electronics OS's I have come to love iOS. The design of the system is not perfect, but nonetheless it gets the job done quickly and without hassle. In a mobile communications device you expect two main things, one of which is consistency in operation. My iphone 5 does that well, If i need to make a phone call it gives me ways to do that quickly. Even while im in a call the options to hold, remind, and merge calls is fantastic. Simple tasks that i felt android and blackberry made too difficult. On the hardware side of things my iphone can handle most multimedia applications with no problem, and the retina screen makes them that much more enjoyable. Some say that the OS is restrictive, that is true but with restriction you gain consistency and the peace of mind knowing things that are meant for the iphone will just work. Apple has come a long way from the original iphone that lacked even MMS. With iMessage, your messages are synced across iDevices and make for sms between iDevices flawless. Except, when the service is down, which has happened several times over the past few months. Even with this the iphone can switch to regular text messaging. The camera on the iphone is nice, still doesnt replace a dedicated camera, but for something that you put in your pocket, it does the job really well. My only gripe would be the materials used to manufacture the 5. The anodized aluminum is prone to scratching and necessitates a case. I got mine from amazon for only $9. And it only adds ~4mm of thickness and my iphone looks brand new after a little over 2 months of constant use. Battery life is acceptable, putting my late Epic 4g to shame by lasting a constant 18-20 hours on a single charge with an average of 7-8hrs of constant use. Overall i give this phone 4 out of 5 stars as the material it is made with is prone to scratching, but honestly that is my only gripe."
"The battery life is extremely short, otherwise everything seems fine. the battery goes out even when I do not use the phone. Is there any solution ?"
The phone is excellent. You know exactly what you are getting when buying it.
I love it! I live in Venezuela and it works perfectly. It's perfectly unlocked. I'm in love my new iPhone
"The redesigned A6 processor is probably largely accountable for the device's power efficiency. The A6 also makes every action lightning-fast. Apps open instantaneously, and graphics are rendered smoothly in every case."
"When the iphone 5 came out for preorder i thought it was a must considering i am a huge fan of apple.Prior to my Iphone 5 i owned an iphone 4s like i said a huge fan of apple. Throught my year of owning this i experienced no problems. Yet with an IPhone 5 within the first month i faced multiple problems, my lock button refused to work so i went to apple returned it and they gave me a new one free of cost because my insurance covered it.This was now my second iphone 5, with this one i lost service constanstly, my phone would reset itself,and it wasnt as fast as my 4s was also wasnt as fast as it was presented to be. The lock button refused to work even at this point. i am now on my 3rd iphone 5 and have not yet faced any problems. if you were considering purchasing this i recommend a little more reseasrch and maybe just waiting on the new iphone to come out."
"I don't know why I clung to my old phone (if you could even call it that) that only made calls and sent text messages for so long.  This incredibly light (112 grams) smart phone, with it's intuitive interface, has answered all of my prayers to the Capitalist god, enabling me to take on the demons that every member of Generation Y must face in the doorway of 21st Century. Here's how:"
"Hello, I bought the iphone 5 sent it to a friend of mine in Washington DC, I am currently living in Argentina."
"Let me start off by saying I purchased the iPhone 5 and after fully using it, returned it after 14 days."
"I have had the iPhone 5 since the 2nd week of the launch, thanks to the early delivery of Apple!"
"This phone does not connect the wifi network. Even apple has released the update for this problem, nothing has changed. Problem still persist"
Don't buy it from here. Its only $695 with taxes in Apple Store. If you live in Delaware then only $649 & no taxes.
"I've been slow to upgrade but we've been loyal to other Apple products and have really enjoyed using the Ipod and Ipad with the kids. As far as the phone went, I never saw the reason to get one, but now that I have I thoroughly enjoyed it."
Compré este teléfono para traerlo a Vzla y todo va muy bien. Excelente vendedor altamente recomendado a toda la comunidad.
"Delivered on time, brand new and unlocked. My only complain is when I tried to register, the iPhone was registered to another AppleID."
