"Great News.  Today (4/30/2013) Nintendo released an update that resolved a lot of the problems that the Wii U had.  My personal favorite is that you can now download and install games in the background and fully automatically.  Yes, it should have been like that since the beginning.  Three cheers! I've updated my review to reflect this new information."
"If you are giving this Wii-U as a childrens' gift, PLEASE do yourself a favor and hook the system up and do the downloads/updates before you wrap it up. I am a grown man, but still grew impatient waiting for the Wii-U to become playable. A child waiting to play this is unbearable! This was a gift for my young son, although I must admit that I've played it just as much as he has."
"Having been a student for many years, the Wii U is the first console that I've ever pre-ordered.  Now I've got a job that has something resembling a salary.  Having gotten so many years of fun and excitement out of my first-gen Wii, I decided to roll the dice on the Wii U by pre-ordering the 32 GB black deluxe set.  So far, I'm glad that I did.  This is a review of the Deluxe set that I've ordered specifically, however you can compare the two sets and fill in the blanks concerning what you may be missing with the basic set"
"This review represents a very quick overview from a father who is giving the new Wii U console to his kids as a gift for Christmas.  I have only spent maybe 20 minutes playing games or testing other ""play-oriented"" functionality."
"I was skeptical about this console, but once I got the gamepad in my hands and started playing, all of my skepticism went away.  I love how it plays and feels.  Most of the bad reviews out there are by 'hardcore' gamers who just love to dog on Nintendo, so you can't listen to 90% of them.  The Wii U isn't going to be a powerhouse like the other systems, but will definitely be a fun experience, hands down.  I have all of the current systems, so I feel I have the experience and knowledge to recommend this system.  The games are a little scarce right now, so if there isn't anything that trips your trigger, just give it some time."
"At least that's what I would have called it lol. So while I'm downloading the extensive (or at least time-consuming) updates for the Wii U I thought I'd offer my first impressions and some general advice for potential buyers. I've seen a lot of complaints about early adopters annoyed that they can't play a game 5 minutes after unpacking their system, but this being Nintendo's first committed effort into things like Gamertags and full-HD current-generation downloadable content I'm willing to be very patient."
"I'm going to be straightforward about this one: the Wii U is a great system, and unless you get the chance to spend an extended period of time with it, you may be tempted to write it off as 'underpowered', 'outdated', 'kiddie', or just 'stupid'. Well, don't, and here's a few reasons why:"
"I am not a typical video game player.  I enjoy the story of some of the shooter games, but more than anything, I like casual gaming (mario brothers type games).  I decided to purchase a Wii U on a whim just to have some fun and upgrade my Wii.  I also purchased it for it's television integration, as I am trying to rid myself of cable television."
"With so many good reviews on here already, I will be posting a very different kind of review for the Wii U."
"Let me start off by saying that i am a pc gamer. So system preformance has always been the name of the game for me. Ps3 and xbox 360 are about a 15th as powerful as my current machine. So clearly graphical prowess is not the reason for this purchase. In the back of my heart i've always had a place for nintendo games. I owned a a wii for many years, and went through periods of playing, mainly with mario galaxy and zelda. I liked the system, but felt like the idea was incomplete. The Wii U is a complete upgrade. The controller which i was skeptical about is absolutely brilliant. You will see some awesome games in the future which will take full advantage. The system also has a little horsepower as well, to make those beautiful nintendo titles come to life. A lot of people are under the impression that this system is still weaker than the PS3 and Xbox360, which is definetly not true. The Wii U is multiple times more powerful than those sytems. Obviously its not revolutionary technology, but at 300 dollars you can't ask for to much."
"So no offense many loved it personally I hated the Wii. When I got home from work last thing I wanted to do was fling my arms all over like a monkey an act like I was hahving fun. I ended up selling the Wii an bought a Xbox an PS3 which I love. The new ZombiU for Wii U did catch my eye though an the fact that the console is OMG yes finally HD!!!, is why I purchased a Wii U. Well I ordered the Wii U from Amazon last week an got it yesterday."
"As an owner of the ""regular"" Wii since 2006, playing game's in 1080p is a very welcomed experience.  However, there are a lot of things you need to be aware of if you're expecting to have the full Wii experience on the Wii U."
"All the negative critics really missed the mark on this one. You really need to spend some time with the Nintendo Wii U WITHOUT a preconceived bias against the company and WITHOUT a preconceived notion that ""next generation"" only refers to cutting edge hardware. If you do, you start to realize the whole new range of possibilities the Wii U opens up to you--many of which go beyond mere gaming."
"I got the Deluxe Wii U for Christmas, and let me say, it has not failed to amaze me. The Wii U is a wonderful console, very innovative with a revolutionary controller, and a bright future ahead of it. So let me tell you about my Wii U experience and my thoughts on the console so far. Just a warning, this is a long (but detailed) review."
"I really got  tons of fun to play with family or friends. Well done Nintendo, The Gamepad is the best control ever made!"
"No need to be skeptical about this console, once you get the gamepad in your hands and start playing, all your skepticism will go away. I love how the Wii U plays and feels, the gamepad is super lightweight so don't worry about it being too heavy for anyone to use. I have a 4 year old son that absolutely loves this system! Can't tear him away from it, which is the only drawback. The system also has the capability to transfer game play to the gamepad and allow the TV to be freed up, imagine that! Your kid is playing a game that just can't be turned off or he or she will lose their progress and at the same time you would like to watch TV. Your kid can simply take the gamepad to another room and continue playing the game while you watch TV. In addition the gamepad is extremely durable and seems unbreakable. My kids have dropped it, stepped on it and thrown it and not even a scratch. Absolutely Awesome system!"
I'm a huge Nintendo fan. With that out of the way I will admit that they had a rough start.
"Just wanted to add some support for this really fun console.  After reviewing the expected details of the PS4 and the newest member of the Xbox family I decided to go back and give Nintendo a second chance, they kind of lost me with the wii.  And have to say so far, I am really glad I did."
"Shortly before Christmas, I decided to take the plunge and purchase a Wii U Deluxe set.  Here, I'll discuss my experience setting the console up for the first time and follow it up with my likes and (very few) dislikes with the new Nintendo system."
"I purchased this console for Christmas 2012, and my kids and I love it.  It is lots of fun, and I recommend it for Nintendo fans.  If you are a Xbox 360 or PS3 gamer, there are still concerns.  Here are my thoughts on how the Wii U may stand up to the competition during this round of the console wars."
"It is a good console I have a PS3 and a Xbox 360 and the Wii U is the console I would rather play on. The gamepad is a really nice feature because you can play still while someone else is using the tv. It is also nice because it adds some unique features to games like not having to pause to access your menu, giving you different view points and adding a fifth player to split screen. The Wii U is fun and I think it is majorly underrated and hated on."
"There are lot of negative reviews because, nintendo doesnt want to follow the traditional model. They did it with DS, Wii, 3DS and now with WiiU. They provide a unique and different experience. There is no need for nintendo to do another live service or a crazy multi-core CPU like Sony. They were the ones who introduced Dual Screen gaming with DS, D-PAD, Rumble Controller, Motion Gaming and all the new concepts to the gaming world. Take a few minutes break and understand what WiiU is trying to do. Almost every one today own more than one console, and if all of them do the same.. there is no need to own the secondary console."
"I own all the current generation systems and i have to say this one is my favorite, i love the game pad and how it intergrates itself with some of the games, there arent that many games out for the system ofcourse but the games that are out, are really very fun to use with the game pad. Im not saying this console is better than the other ones but for me this is my console of choice."
"Although Nintendo's brand new console is still gathering support from game developers, this system has a wealth of opportunity to bring a new experience into the household."
"We love the WII U. We actually brought this system because we have 8 grandchildren and wanted something for when they were with us. Was kind of disappointed to learn we still couldn't watch DVD's on it, who doesn't want to narrow down their equipment, but love that you can watch TV while the children play on the smaller screen. Same with Netflix, etc I can watch a movie on the smaller screen while my husband snores away. It's actually a nice sized screen. The games seem to take a bit of time to load when loading them for the first time but the graphics and game play for the games we've chosen have made it worthwhile. I mostly used the WII for exercise, but my grandson and I are now pro's at Nintendo Land, because we say so. I've enjoyed playing all the games on this system and look forward to playing more. :)"
"I must confess, I am a rabid xbox 360 fan.  Not just the games, but the interface, the cooperation between the system and my desktop, even the xbox store.  I must also confess I did not enjoy the original Wii.  I purchased one, complete with the balance board, mario kart(which was amazing), several games and several accessories.  I played the wii for about six months and never quite got the excitement."
"First, let me say that I wasn't one of the ""first responders"" to the Wii U. I literally found out about it two days before it came out last Fall. I've been out of the video gaming world for about a year because it was consuming me (I'll spare you the gory details). I've been easing myself back into it, and once I heard that a new hardware platform was coming out from dear old Nintendo - ahead of the Xbox 720 and PS4 - my curiosity piqued."
"I am a proud owner of a Wii U black version and I have to say it is much better than I ever would of thought.  Who knew a controller with a screen would be this amazing!  Favorite console right now.  I also own a PS3, Xbox 360, and iPad.  Next year I will be purchasing either an Xbox 720 or PS4 but I do believe there will always be a place for the Wii U even with stronger next gen consoles.  All you Nintendo haters, I would strongly recommend you get a Wii U.  I hated the Wii but love the Wii U."
"We all know there is a a-lot of hate towards the Wii U, Xbox 360 fan-boys clinging to dear life of a 8 year old console, that still uses a DVD media, and actual replaceable batteries in a controller."
"The WiiU is all the fun and hype it promised, and went far beyond my expectations. If you must pick a console, this fun and affordable console is the right one for you"
"Let me start off by saying I am a long time Nintendo fan. I started out in the early 90's with an NES, followed by an N64, followed by the Wii, and now the Wii U."
"This was my first launch system. It's also Nintendo's entrance into full HD gaming. There's a lot that could be said about this system and a lot that has already been said about it. It has good graphics, but really, doesn't everything now? It's controller doubles as a web browser so you can jump on the web in the middle of a game to find answers if you need. If anything when considering buying a Wii U, you should consider the bad things. It really is hard to find anything bad about it, though. It has a small hard drive which could turn some off if you planned on downloading all your games. You still can, but you will need an external hard drive that will run close to 100 bucks. That's all I would consider. Nintendo leads innovation. So you can count on them getting more out of the hardware than critics will admit. I don't know what else to say. If you didn't know you can trust Nintendo then I'm guessing you have amnesia or was not old enough when the NES launched and changed the way we saw video games."
"I'll start this out by saying that I do NOT own this console but, my friend owns a Wii U so I have enough experience of playing to review it."
"This console is just great, for the family, the Deluxe edition is better because you got more storage and also Nintendo Land that has good family mini-games; the ability to play using only the gamepad and use the TV for something else is great if you have the Wii U in a shared area in the house."
"Wii U is great for every Nintendo and non Nintendo fan, is innovative and cool. It has had a slow start since it has just a few titles since launch. But in a while it will be the ultimate consolfe for gaming with entries like Super Smash Bros. and the Zelda series. Recommended."
"This is all my son wanted for his 9th birthday, and we could only find the best deal for the 32GB here. My son was so excited to get this and loves it! It is also great that he can just play on the handheld console pad and not just on the TV. This purchase was easy to make and very easy to deal with. We are very happy with our Wii U console - 32GB Black Deluxe Set."
"Purchased as incentive for child, being the only thing he wanted for months...WORKED LIKE A MIRACLE!  Love the fact it plays Wii games and you don't have to purchase all new ones.  Durable and light-weight enough, with a big enough screen. The whole family enjoys it."
"I have owned a ton of game consoles in my life and I have owned my share of successful consoles as well as my share of failures.  Right now it is to early to judge the success of the Wii U so, I am just going to post my experience with the Unit."
"There are millions of American families with Wiis and many will decide to upgrade soon.  If your family loved the Wii,I strongly recommend upgrading to the Wii U when you are ready to upgrade.  Over the past year Xbox has really campaigned to attract the family gaming market; the problem is if your family was used to Nintendo Wii games, you might be disappointed with Xbox 360.  My nephews convinced their parents to upgrade from their Wii to an Xbox, now the problem for them is that the selection of great XBox games that are E or E10+ is very limited and they realized that almost all of their favorite games on the Wii were made by Nintendo.  When they came to visit us last week they fell in love with the Wii U.  We played Mario Bros Wii U and Nintendo Land for hours (these are the only Wii U specific games we own).  They are also bummed that Lego City will not be on Xbox.  I am not saying the Xbox 360 is a bad system (it is not), I am saying it is not near the family gaming system like the Wii was."
"Happy with our purchase.  Set up was simple.  Yes, it did take about an hour to download some updates, but do not find that to be a big deal.  We love the new contoller, makes two player gaming extra fun when each person is looking at a different screen.  Quality seems excellent!  Good line up of games coming out.  No regrets!"
