"Received the YHT-597 in new condition quickly using AmazonPrime. Saved $$$ from what it was priced at from local store. Set up was straight forward. Speaker wire supplied was not great, invested $10 in seperate spool of RCA wire. After setting up and running the microphone sound set up utility, started enjoying right away. Have a 15'x20' room that I'm able to shake the pictures off the wall pretty easily, so volume levels are no problem. Great sound for TV, movies and sports. Remote supplied has (what feels like 100's of) tiny buttons. Hopefully you dont need to use it since you may have a single Logitech remote that controls all home theater components. All in all, wanted a system that had enough umph for my room and sounded great. This unit really does the job."
You purchase a  Home Theater System for great sound. This system delivers that beautifully!!
The home theater is bang for the buck.Really good options.USB and AirPlay are awesome.
"I purchased this system through amazon and received it on 1/2; As soon as I received it I began the setup for my Panasonic GT50. Purchased 14 gauge speaker wire and a pair of Atlantic speaker stands for the rear speakers. The receiver has 4 HDMI inputs which fit perfectly for my needs, hooked up a PS3, 360, HD/DVR box and an HTPC. The system does not come with a full written manual but does come with a cd-rom which contains a PDF but you can simply go to yamaha's website, search for your system and get the latest and greatest up to date manuals."
"You would expect sound quality to be good on this, and it certainly is. The bass is clear, and the five-channel surround is accurate."
received the order on time
"I've been wanting surround sound in my room for about 7-8 years at least. Finally I decided to look up products. Came across this because I knew I wanted something Yamaha but for me personally that was the only requirement I had. This had good reviews on amazon so I read them all about 2 or 3 times. Had one of my brothers read the product description and reviews as well since I didn't even know what to look out for. It seemed like a good fit for my room. My room is actually two rooms in one (knocked down a dividing wall) but I only wanted the system on the half of the room with the tv. no point in putting speakers in the other half of the room. So I ordered this system with Prime and it got here two days later. Had my brother ""help"" put it together. (He really did everything while I watched and help put some wires into place. ) it took us a while and the only part we need the manual was for programming the remote and channel names. I immediately became so happy I chose this system and am sooo glad I found it on amazon. Everyone in my family was really surprised that this was so cheap compared to other systems and how well it works. You WILL ABSOLUTELY need to get 16g or 14g wires. Had the system for about a month now and haven't found anything I don't love about this system. So worth the money."
This system might be the best value in home theater. Turned my TV into a movie theater!  Music rolls through my room now.
Excelent sound. The product in terms of sound is what i expect.but....
We use it mainly for enhancing the sound of the TV and movies. It is wonderful to hear sound like you're at the theater. I like the Internet music feature and setting bookmarks to our favorite Internet music stations using the yradio.vtuner.com site. The Airplay feature makes listening to your favorite songs so easy. My wife was amazed when I had her connectd to it with her ITunes.
"I'll start by saying I don't know much about audio specifics or audio technology at all. However, I know when something sounds clean, clear and crisp and when something sounds like crap. This HTIB is definitely NOT crap."
"The sound on this is amazing. We did re-wire it with 14 gauge speaker wire, and we also decided to change the wire that the sub came with. The wiring just seems substandard for a system that can produce such great sound. The speakers are small enough to fit just about anywhere. The receiver is fairly large and heavy, so I definitely suggest measuring wherever you want to put it just in case it doesn't fit. Really, we have no complaints."
"A real nice system for the price.  The set-up is made even easier with the supplied tuning mic.  You put the mic in the middle of the room, plug it into the receiver, and let the receiver tune itself.  After set-up, expect to spend around 40 minutes to an hour learning the remote and the system features.  The sound is loud and clear while watching movies.  When listening to music I did experience very little ""bottoming out"" or distortion, only when turned all the way up.  This system provides a great movie watching and music listening experience, you can't go wrong!"
"Cheaper from Amazon than at the local electronics store. If you have video, stereo, DVD setup experience, the setup is pretty simple.  I haven't used the microphone sound set up, and went mainly by ear and haven't looked back. Base is great for those action flicks, surround sound is wonderful.  My wife didn't want holes in the walls or ceiling, I've got the system set up so every speaker is basically coming from the front of the room in line with the television.  Even still, movies, sports, etc... sound incredible.  I put STAR TREK into the Blu-ray to test the system, my wife and I didn't turn anything off until the movie was over. This system rocks."
Very great sounding system.
"First to say, don't expect top of the line stuff for low prices. There are a lot of features you want from this unit and you won't get. For the price paid, i actually got more than expected. Speakers are not the best, but still gives good sound, and you can upgrade at any time. Menus are kind of old fashioned, but i can survive on that."
"The system sounded good but within about two weeks the USB connection for the iPod became loose and would cause it to stop playing mid-song.  After about a week of jiggling it around to get it to work, it stopped working completely.  Return shipping was $75 so I could have done without that extra expense and hassle of getting it to the UPS store.  The remote was more complicated than I would like...lots of tiny little buttons.  After returning this system, I ended up buying a Pioneer receiver and the remote is much more user friendly, in my opinion."
Sound quality is certainly pleasing.
"The old adage of ""you get what you pay for"" usually holds true for most products/services....except for when it comes to this Yamaha Home Theater System- you get much much more than you pay for.  As with many of the reviewers, I spent a lot of time researching different systems and listening to many systems at stores and at friends' homes.  Yamaha has always had a good reputation in music, so I knew when I finally decided on this system it would be good.  I was just looking for a good value that came with good sound.  You naysayers out there about this system, go spend 5K and enjoy the hype and marketing of overpriced sound systems.  You will be shocked by the big sound from such a small system - don't let the lightweight speakers fool you, they can really pump out some high fidelity.  This system really brings your movies to life.  If you are spending more than this system on a home theater you are throwing your money away.  Bottom line is that unless you are a true audiophile who studies sound dynamics, you would not be able to tell the difference in sound quality from this Yamaha system and a $3,000+ system.  You will love it!"
I chose this item based on the the excellent reviews on amazon and i couldnt be happier.
Works great! My only complaint is that the subwoofer cable is too short when you have the receiver in a closet and the subwoofer clear across the room. Ordered a fairly inexpensive longer replacement RCA cable and the problem is solved.
"The hardest part with the setup of this system is putting up the wire. Other than that everything was a breeze, the system works great and the sound is awesome. Playing Black Ops II on this system is awesome."
It works beautifully!
It sounds great everything works fine. A lot of power for the price. I've done a lot of searching with different systems I felt for what I wanted to spend this offered the most features and best sound out there.
