"I thought about waiting on the Lumia 925, but after reading how much the Lumina 521 has to offer, I decided that since I tend to change phones about every 2 years, it made more sense to go with the phone that was lighter on my wallet. After finding that my local WalMart had one phone left, I snagged it and haven't regretted my purchase one bit."
"Let me first start of by saying, this is an amazing phone! I bought it as a cheap entry into Windows Phone 8, and I'm completely blown away. I wasn't expecting this. This phone was going to be something I use as a backup, but I'm currently using this as my daily driver, and I love it!"
"So the three phones I was most seriously considering: Google Nexus 4, LG Optimus L9 and Nokia Lumia 521. I decided to cross off the Nexus from the list purely based on price. I am just not ready to invest that much in a phone, this purchase was going to be my first smartphone. I ordered the L9 for my dad off amazon and waited to finally get a Lumia at Walmart. So I have had a chance to play with both of them."
"In terms of price/performance this one is off the charts.  It completes nicely with phones costing 3x as much.  If you are looking for a high quality low price phone this is it. If this phone has weaknesses, I had to search hard to find them.  I will get to the cons in a minute but this is a well thought out well constructed phone."
"My husband and I are 68 years old and have used feature phones exclusively. I just wasn't interested in high priced, expensive contract smartphones and I make all the tech decisions in our household.  When my husband started wishing he had a smartphone, I began to read all the tech news on the phones and systems in mid-2012.  I have always been a Windows user and did not want to change to Apple.  I admire Google but realized that really tech savvy people were using it.  When Windows 8 came out, I decided I would start by buying a Windows 8 tablet, get used to the system, change my computers to the Win 8 operating system, and then buy us phones.  However, I wanted to wait for an inexpensive Win 8 phone with no contract. I bought the tablet in November 2012, changed my computer operating systems to Win 8 in March 2013. At that time the tech news started talking about the coming inexpensive Nokia Lumia 521 on T-Mobile with no contract."
"I bought this to upgrade from my Lumia 710 on T-Mo since all the newer apps are only coming to WP8. The phone itself is a nice size, a little bigger than what I had before, but not overly big like the more popular phones - it also has a solid build to it but still feels nice and light in your hands. It comes preloaded with many NOKIA exclusive apps, which help make the WP OS pretty awesome in my opinion - I'm much more likely to buy a NOKIA WP than a HTC now because of the exclusive apps. The 5MP Camera is good, supposedly it will be getting NOKIA's PUREVIEW technology to make the camera better via a software update, but it's more than enough for what I use it for. Speakerphone is good, works well for when I use it. Screen is responsive as are the side buttons which feel solid. I was lucky enough to nab one of these from big W for $130, which makes it even more of a great deal. $130 for a quality smartphone OFF-CONTRACT is awesome, which is why I almost saw no reason not to upgrade from my 710."
I was able to fully use the handset for 4 days.  I come from the Android platform and am an RF Engineer for 14 years working in wireless.
"Got this phone from T-Mobile yesterday, just switched over from at&t.; I was hoping to get the Lumia 925 (I'm a huge fan of windows phones), but it just seems like its taking Nokia forever to release them. Since I can no longer use my old lumia900 due to a broken screen, I needed something immediately. Still planning on getting the 925 once it comes out, I decided to go with the cheapest phone with 4g capacity."
"I purchased this phone from a T-Mobile retail store for $150. You also have another option to pay $29.99+tax upfront, with the remaining $120 spread-out in $5/month installments for 24 months.  No need to pay $190+ for this phone from Amazon."
"I purchased the Nokia Lumia 521 as an upgrade for my mother from her feature phone. I have long been a fan of Windows Phone (Samsung Focus/Lumia 920 owner) and knew she would find it intuitive and easy to use. I was a little concerned about the build quality, it being such a cheap phone and all. I know Nokia makes excellent phones and this one is no exception. It feels fantastic in the hand and I almost bought one for myself just to have. Software features are nearly the same as high end Windows Phones, with a few small limitations (mainly games). Sure, there's no flash and the screen isn't the best around but, when you're paying such a low price for such a nice phone, you can't complain. Inclusion of a microSD card slot for expanded storage and Nokia's range of excellent (and exclusive) apps are major pluses for the 521. Everything runs buttery smooth and efficiently and the Windows Phone Store is quickly gaining traction with developers. Everyday new apps are announced with some ""heavy weight"" apps announced/released recently. Couple all of this with contract free T-Mobile and you have yourself a winner. I highly recommend this phone."
"This is my second smartphone- I previously owned a Samsung Galaxy Exhibit II which was an Android device.  After having so many issues with my Exhibit, I didn't want to purchase another Samsung which left me with few options that were far more expensive.  By chance, I saw the announcement for the release of the Nokia 521 and decided to give it a try.  The price tag of $150 was the main reason I chose the phone."
"When I was looking to replace my not-so-smart phone, I have to admit that no WP8 phone was on my list. I didn't think there would be any, as I was aiming at a sub-$150 budget without a contract. At that price level, I was pretty much looking at Android phones of various specifications, OS generations, and/or refurbished with dubious quality. Then I saw a local electronics store advertise this Nokia 521 for $120, and that prompted me to do some research. And then I was sold."
"after being hesitant about a windows phone, I went ahead and purchased this phone..I figured the specs were decent, and the price was a good selling point. All I can say is KICK ASS PHONE! still learning the interface, it is slick and smooth..the OS windows 8 is very nice!..I know windows phones are way behind to the other two kids on the block, BUT sales are definitely getting better every quarter..People get a windows phone, you will not be disappointed. And just remember MICROSOFT is sitting on a mountain of cash to keep the phone business operating. GET ONE!"
I bought this from Walmart for my father in law.  Its great to see Amazon offering it now since its been tough to get at Walmart.
"I'll just do a short Pro and Con list here as someone else has done, but overall I'll say first that this would be a good choice as a first smart phone for teens, people who don't want a complex super-feature phone, or older folks looking for something easy to use that won't break the bank like an iPhone."
Phone is nice - did not come with screen protector or car charger as indicated.
"I'm not a person that uses hundreds of apps and this is why the strait forward design of this Windows phone was attractive. I had already purchased the Surface and  this phone is a good match in operation. It seems to have most of the apps I need available, and they work well. I like the functionality of putting all the things commonly used on the start screen and a simple slide shows everything available on the device. I've had it for a couple of weeks and don't feel the need to go back to an Android. The only drawback from buying it on Amazon is that T-Mobile stores sell it $50 cheaper and I had to take it to the T-Mobile store anyway because my old sim card did not fit. They were able to cut it down at the store and set the phone up for me. Very helpful. For that reason alone I would say you'd do well to buy it at the store."
"i got this phone from HSN.com on the day it was released for 149.99. now i think it i available for 130 at HSN or walmart. i am a hard core smart phone user and i have used all OS from all brands. i got this phone because my galaxy nexus got stolen and i needed a phone right away i couldn't find a phone that was worth the money at that time. This phone was cheap, non-contract and i got to try new things: wp 8."
"Don't count on t-mobile to unlock it.  They have published unlocking conditions, but my experience suggests you can meet all their terms and they will still refuse to provide the unlocking code for this phone."
Cannot believe what I got.
Ok so this is coming from an android user for the last 3/4 years... I decided to give windows 8 and nokia a chance.
"For an entry-level smartphone in the ~$150 price range, the Lumia 521 is a super deal, IF you can make a few small sacrifices."
I am upping my review to 4 stars because of the Wi-Fi calling app.  If you get this phone the first thing you should do is update the software and do a hard reset - this will wipe out everything which is why you want to do it when you first get the phone.  This will install the Wi-Fi calling app.  It will use Wi-Fi seamlessly to make phone calls - when my gf calls me over the Wi-Fi it still shows as her phone number calling.  This is a great feature for her because her workplace is in a near dead zone.
I was not able to receive T- Mobile service in the area I live. It did show service when I checked online before I purchased the phone but upon receiving the phone I found we had zero service. It was a birthday gift for my nephew. He was disappointed.
Okay I'll start by saying this is a very attractive handset at this price point but caveat that by saying it has its weaknesses that one will only overlook if you can't afford anything more than say $250.
"THIS PHONE IS SO CHEAP AND AMAZING IT IS A GAME CHANGER.  I DONE HERE DUMPED ALL MY STOCKS AND BOUGHT NOK SHARES YA'LL HEAR?  DOWN WITH APPLE AND ANDROID.  BEST BUY, SOLD OUT.  WALMART, SOLD OUT.  HSN, SOLD OUT.  I WANTED THIS PHONE SO BAD, I BOUGHT IT USED OFF FLEA BAY, YEAGHAAGAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHA!!"
"This review is related to the Nokia Lumia Windows phone as well as the service through T mobile. I purchased this phone from a T-Mobile store in April '13 and immediately noticed that the phone shuts off frequently while being charged. The phone will also shut off completely while in a rest or battery saving mode. The main problem with this is that while it's off you are not getting calls, and when it shuts off while charging things like the alarm cannot be relied on. I have been sent a replacement already, and I am assured that when my second replacement in 2 months arrives, it will also have the same issue. The most amazing (disappointing) thing is that they will still sell you this phone right now, even though they know the phone fails to work properly. T mobile however will take no responsibility for the phone they retail, and even had the nerve to refer me to Nokia. I did not purchase the phone from Nokia, I purchased it from T-Mobile, when my 3rd phone fails for the same reason I will be calling the state consumer board and my credit card company to dispute the charge. Clearly the phone fails to perform as promised and I cannot get the retailer (T-Mobile) to make the purchase right. I have been with T-Mobile for 11 years now and the best I can get from them to make this right is that they will give me a small credit for the phone I paid for 2 months ago, that is legitimately defective, and let me pay for a new one. I hate to see that after all these years T-Mobile has ditched their traditional customer focused service and gone to the usual, ignore the customer until we lose them way of thinking. I have to highly recommend against this phone if you are looking for reliability and cannot afford to have your phone shut off without notice. I also have to say that if you are considering T-Mobile based on reputation, they are not the customer service company they were a few years ago."
