"This is an awesome phone. I ordered it, and got discouraged because it said it was going to take a whole month to deliver. It came here in 2 weeks! When I got the phone, I was amazed because this was a huge upgrade from my old phone. There are tons of things you can do, and apps you can get. There's cable TV on this phone! The resolution is great, and the phone is loud when you get calls. Mine came with a case, that has a little trouble staying on but its pretty cool. In other words, if an iPhone is a Ferrari, your getting yourself a nice, BMW :))"
"First things first, this ad does not say galaxy sIII mini but thats exactly what the sticker on the phones screen read when I opened the almost EXACT box that galaxys come in! So of coursr, I was expecting the same great quality and handy apps that I know the galaxy phones possess and the google app store have. I have 4g service through my provider yet this phone is always stalling, freezing, or just acting up. I called the samsung service center thinking this was a samsung galaxy, and they could help me with these tecnical issues and what not, that is when I was informed that the IMEI number went to some old Nokia flip phone. I kept trying to convince him that this was a galaxy SIII because it said so on my phone. He then asked me where I brought the phone from, and that's how we established that this was an international phone. Upon contacting the seller about these issues, they responded and told me to send them the phone back so they could do some upgrades, but that this was not a galaxy phone; its basically a knock-off! But why would I send my phone that I already paid for back to a company that is obviously doing something wrong, if they have to put incorrect IMEI numbers on the phone. That's like switching a cars VIN number! It took 3 weeks for me to receive this phone, so if I was i send it in for upgrades, it would take at least 8 weeks or more for me to get it back. I don't recommend this company or this phone to anyone! Be careful, they go by several different names!"
This product isn't a bit of good. The camera really sucks and the volume is terrible. I wouldn't recommend u buy this
I love it it is the phone that I want. the color black is better than white. thanks.
its hard to get service in the country and the whole 2 sims card its hard to function the phone.
"I ordered my phone March 15th, estimated delivery date was April 9th-April 29th.  My phone arrived March 23rd!  It came with 2 batteries, headphones and a USB charger.  Using this phone through Straight Talk which was pretty easy to set up.  Have not fully figured out all the features yet and am having a little trouble with getting Apps but that is probably because I havent been able to just sit down and explore the phone the way I want.  Once I figure everything out, I think it will be a great phone, so I'm excited and will update about anything new I learn."
"Phone looks nice, but when spending money appearance isn't all. The battery life stinks, THE BATTERY LIFE STINKS, I dies within a few hours even when it's not in use, the volume is low when you're on a voice call, it plays loud music but come on, it's a phone not a juke box."
this phone does not work because it doesn't pick up a signal.  I believe this phone is a knock off of a Samsung model.
"This phone dosent send messages, it drops most of my calls ,the battery dies fast, the charger works but the phone dosent. Now im out of 100 dollars and im not to happy about that."
"THIS PHONE HAS VERY POOR SIGNAL,VERYYYY SHORT BATTERY LIFE,CANT CONNECT TO WIFI.....AN TOUCH ABILITY STINKS!!!!O AN CANNOT SEND OR RECEIVE PICTURE MESSAGES WOULD NOT RECOMMEND FOR EVEN MY 8 YR OLD DAUGHTER!!!!"
my daughter seems to like it and hasn't had any problems so far I plan on ordering another one for myself
My boyfriend finally convinced me into getting this phone and I love it. It's a bit big in size but I like bigger phones. Why didn't I think of this before? (:
"The phone is been great for a day, it does everything that it had said, comes nicely with 2 battery, car charger, and a charger. Came in 2 week even though it said a month. Overall it a good descent phone."
I bought this phone for my daughters 22nd birthday lets just say now I'm the greatest mom ever she  is very happy with her new phone .that's all she's been talking about since it has arrived.i really like this phone
"I never had to write a review for any product until I got this phone. Worst experience ever. Lost my LG phone and had to find another phone, got this product and I was very disapointed. Phone has a fake samsung sticker on the back of it, which a phone sales man advice that I can sue because this phone is a fake samsung and misleading. the phone will not stay charge, and I received an Ipod charger with one battery. When I was suppose to get two batteries. My calls keep dropping and People have hard time hearing me. I really hate people who take advantage of other just to make fast money. I wish I wouldn't even have given this one star, but that's the only way I could write a review. I wish I had listened to everyones' review about this product who warned me not to get it. I turned it on and by the next day I was shipping this product back."
"I received this phone a week ago and it is the best phone I have ever had! As for cases, I purchased a nonhard shell S3 mini case for it and just cut the hole for the camera to make it wider! It pretty much does everything the I-phone does if not more. The graphics are amazing! It basically is the S3 only smaller. I was very skeptical about purchasing this but I'm glad I did! Heads up though, the shipping did take about four weeks! Hope this helps!"
I put in the SIM card and the phone did not work.  it looks like the samsung but is a waste of money.
not what I expected it drop calls and didn't connect to the internet it was a waste of money and time
Phone is better than expected.  The only issue I have is that the volume key is located on the right side of the phone versus the left so any protective case that I buy will not fit.  Bummer because I love my phone and want to protect it.  Other than that the customer service has been excellent and they aim to please.  Thanks!!!
"Dont waste your money, I have no service!  I cant make a call when I am at home, no mobile service.  The battary will not stay charged what a big waste of money!!!!!"
I recieved my phone 6/21/13 and was instantly in love with it screen was huge got connected to wifi super fast! But I should have listened to all the reviews I read that evening I got a phone call and when I answered the person on the other line could only hear static tried calling them back same result. Then a few hrs after that the phone just kept shutting off on its own and finally one day after I recieved phone and it wont even turn back on battery is HORRIBLE too. BUT AMAZON is great they are immediately refunding money and sent me a link to print off return shipping label so if u r stupid like me and dont read the reviews and listen at least buy from amazon and not just a seller who u will probably never get a hold of
Very poor quality. This phone battery got so hot when charge that it started smoking.
This phone looks good on pictures but it looks so cheap. So cheaply built. The plastic cover is paper thin. It doesn't even have a brand. Omg do not buy this phone. It was my biggest mistake.
"Finally I get the phone, it's great I use it with digitel currently in Venezuela, though the publication says it comes with two batteries but lie just brought a step and does not last long and I have to put a load up to 3 times a day."
"it was the worst phone i ordered and had a horrible signal, i don't recommend this phone at all to anyone"
"the phone is great, feels, great, a nice phone, i just felt it was slow for me and the quality was a tiny bit weird but overall it was really nice"
I got this for my sin. He loves it as he can get to the house WiFi as he wishes.
"limited use and poor data function, and needs 2 sim cards out side of that the phone works and texts but not much internet use"
"I will tell you this phone didn't have a Google Play Store to purchase apps and the keys made it difficult to text.  I don't know if they have fixed the defects or not but if you were looking for a phone that had all the capabilities of a T-mobile smart phone, this phone may not be up to par.  With that said, this company has great customer service.  The care about keeping each and every customer happy.  After I realized this phone wasn't for me, I sent it back and it took close to month to reach their warehouse (they are located in China), which caused me concern, but they went out of their way to keep me posted almost weekly and even offered an 80% refund so I could purchase another phone and an additional 20% refund once they actually received it.  Like I said, I wasn't happy with the phone because it wasn't everything I wanted, but I was extremely impressed with their customer service and how eager they were to make sure I was a happy customer!"
I got this phone about a month ago and i seem to be having no major issues with it yet. The Phone it self was exactly what i was expecting. It is such an upgrade from what i last had. And im so happy how well the apps run on this phone. I am just over all happy with this product.
Dose anyone know if you can used this phone with t mobile Sim card? I really like how the phone look and herd some go things so hopefully some one gets back to me thanks
I can't acess any apps on google play and the volume is low plus the battery doesnt stay charged anymore after only about 1 week.
"This phone had minor issues from the moment I took it out of the box! Initially, the signal quality was poor, calls dropped, and the in call volume was really really bad. However, those issues I was willing to deal with but it got worse! The ""ear piece"" that was provided broke within the first two weeks, literally fell apart. The only way to have a halfway decent conversation was while the phone was on speaker and that got increasing worse to hear or be heard. The screen froze a few times and then it became constant, I was taking the battery out 10+ times a day to restart it. The screen would go a blank white and stay that way until again, I had to take the battery out. Often, while trying to send a text the keyboard would get stuck and not even come up on the screen in it's entirety. Then it began to turn itself off, all day long! The worst part is, I contacted the seller 7 days after the 30 day magic time frame and the seller did not try and resolve the issue AT ALL. The only response I got was basically was oh well it's been more than 30 days... REALLY? What horrible business! To add insult to injury, I filed a claim with Amazon, thinking that they are such an upstanding a reputable site that they would surely help me with this issue and make things right. Well, WRONG! Amazon basically said the same thing, oh well you should have contacted the seller sooner! WOW, all I can say is I will never use Amazon again. Stick with the brand name cell phones and make sure that all issues beyond your control happen within the all important ""30 day"" time frame. Interesting how that poorly made piece of equipment lasted just long enough to alleviate the seller and Amazon of all responsibility..."
I ordered 3 of these phones and all three except one did not work properly I would NEVER get these agin they are a waist of your money!
