"As the title states, this was my first iPhone.  After seeing my girlfriend get an iPhone 3 I became infatuated.  I ended up getting one when my contract was up about a year after drooling over it.  It was a great phone (I recently upgraded to the iPhone 5) and I would purchase it again if it weren't for the iPhone 5.  The amount of features it unlocked after coming from a non-smart phone is incredible.  The abundance of apps is great and the quality of the phone overall is superb."
"I bought my sister an iPhone 4 for Christmas but the guy we got it from scammed us, the phone wasn't activate-able. So my dad and I came on here and ordered one. I, along with my sister, am VERY pleased with the condition of this phone. I'm also surprised that it came in only FOUR days after purchasing. I highly recommend buying from this seller. I will definitely buy from them again in the future. (:"
"Not very happy with the outward condition of the phone. The original home button was not intact and had been replaced with a off-white, outward concaved button. It looks and feels horribly ugly on a black iPhone and it requires the user to depress rather hard in order to function. I expected the phone to at least be clean considering the $250 I paid for it. The outside of the phone was extremely dirty (I had to wipe in down with a disinfectant cloth) and the speakers and charging port were clogged with dirt. The charging cable looked as if a rat chewed on the wire, so the cable is usless to me due to electrical shock risk. The phone does work as far as doing what it suppose to do though. I expected better considering what it cost. I won't be purchasing from this seller anymore."
"The best phone I've ever owned. I received it early, and there where free screen protectors. Plus the phone appeared as if it had never been used! I am extremely happy I bought this phone online. I saved so much money."
I love my phone I'm so happy with it. Everything he said about the phone was true. It had no cracks or scratches. It was nice and clean just simply beautiful for a used phone. Thank you 100 percent satisfied.
"I bought this phone because the seller advertised it as brand NEW. After receiving it and having it activated by Verizon, we discovered that the back lens was all scratched up. When I took it to a place that fixes iPhones they confirmed that the back of the phone was not original, the phone had been opened before, it had bent tabs and the wrong screws! I paid to have the lens repaired. He offered to reimburse me and never heard from him again. Don't buy from him. He is selling refurbished phones as brand new phones. I don't know why Amazon allows him to sell on their web sight. He must joy out of ripping people off. One day it will all come full circle."
"MOBILE DEFECTIVE, TOOK IN APPLE STORE AND WAS REPORTED PREVIUS REPAIRED, I LIVE IN BRAZIL AND NOT HAD TO TIMELY RETURN THE PRODUCT WITHOUT ELEGIBILITY NO, BAD CHARATER OR TURNING THE APPLIANCE ON"
This is an awesome company. No wonder they have a 100% rating. I had an issue with a phone I had purchased and they dealt with it quickly and honestly. I will use them again.
"What rhymes with duck? Cluster f$%#!! 24 hour shipping the so called 3rd party vendor, should have their seller privilages revoked! They advertised a new IPhone, fact the phone was a year old refurb. It wouldn't hold a charge for 12 hours. They offered to let me return the phone but elected not to refund my nearly $400.00. There is No customer service, no business ethics and as far as I'm concern they are no better than a C.L ad lying thief. As for the phone, electronics dont run on sun power... Do they?"
"It came a day early, which was great! The phone is in great shape! No scratches, great quality, everything works! iPhone was packaged well and came with all brand new accessories. I would definitely buy from this seller again. Definitely recommend."
But this one apparently has no way to update it.  If the only thing needed was to make/receive calls/texts it would be fine.  But if you wanted to get on Facebook then there was a problem.  If you tried to download FB it would say it needed an update.  An iPhone user tried to get it updated and could not find anywhere in settings to get it to work.  So this phone is no longer being used.
"This iPhone 4 was misrepresented as being new. However, according to the Apple Store, it was refurbished and had water damage. My experience with this vendor was way below my expectations."
"I really do not recommend purchasing these products, I made a purchase of an iPhone 4 and I get a box that said iphone 4 but had another phone that was not my order, no refunds are not recommended at all, first time I have incomvenientes with sellers on Amazon page"
The Phone was advertised as new.  I received it and everything looked perfect and functioned correctly.  I hooked it up to my Mac and it wouldn't connect.  I talked to apple and their records show it activated over two years ago.  Resetting the phone to factory settings made it work great.  A good product but it should be sold as reconditioned not new!
"I like the phone overall, but the fact that the camera is not working makes it a bad deal. It's okay if you just want to talk and use the website."
"I thought this was a good deal. This iPhone 4 looked flawless and came with its original packaging. Much to my dismay, the home button was broken out of the box. It constantly registered home button presses that I wasn't performing. These must be (poorly) refurbished units. I can't believe Amazon lets this kind of seller on their site."
"My phone arrived within a week of ordering it, and it was brand new, in the box, as promised, with absolutely no problem setting it up with my carrier. the price was excellent."
"I order a unlocked phone, and I got a lock phone had to send it back I did not like that."
everything I was hoping for and more. even arrived sooner than expected. works great and came with all the accessories I needed.
The phone is an active phone with someone else's number and information.  Is this a stolen phone?  How can I activate the phone with my phone number?
"I'm not technical in the least, so I'll just say I love this phone. I still own one of the older IPhone's the 8GB, which still works even after repeatedly dropping, getting wet, falling out of my jean pocket into the toilet and losing it a few times- hopefully this one is as sturdy."
"I live in Venezuela. I just bought an Iphone4 verison. Just got the phone to my house, and I realize that no slot for the chip. And when I find that being ""verison"", does not have that option. For those who do not live in USA recomensable would explain in the product description, this difficulty, because now I have a phone in Venezuela that can only be used in USA, for lack of information."
I got my iphone in today and was in good condition.  After getting this iphonei contacted Verizon they told me i cant use this phone.  I  am furious with this company.  i have waited a weak to get this phone and now this happens bad product
"I bought this phone looking at the title unlocked. But I open the package to find that there is no Sim card slot. You cant use it with any other carrier sim. The verizon sim is inbuilt as a CDMA carrier is what I gathered from some other blogs. This is total scam, dont buy it .."
"i bought 2, one of the phone has home button issue. 80% fail rate. you have to press several times"
The product was worth the money.  I saved a bundle picking up the phone this way.  Thanks.  Good for business.
"well you see, i love iphones. there was time at which i didnt, then i learned. this was the cheapest, came early, and was in perfect condition. thanks"
"I ordered this phone because it specifically said Verizon iPhone. When I received the phone it was actually an AT&T; phone and I could not use it with Verizon. Although I was able to return it, I had to make a different order for a new phone. Not happy with the results, especially after this product is specifically advertised as a Verizon iPhone."
Received the phone and the home button was broke had to pay $70 to get fix because son was looking forward to his phone for Christmas
Kids are super pleased and the phone was received in great condition.  I expected to notice more scratches but the phone was spotless.  Thanks!
"The phone was broken and Apple said it was beyond repair.  Also, Apple said it had been previously owned by someone. So it was not a new phone."
