"Having tolerated the Turtle Beach X41 wireless headphones for a while, stepping-up to the XP300s has been incredibly satisfying. Turtle Beach seems to have finally provided all the functionality that I've desired (plus some I didn't expect), while improving the overall comfort and feel of the headphones. While a few things have been overlooked, my overall experience has ben positive."
""
The headset comes in very handy as it could be used both for gaming and listening to music. Unfortunately the headset doesn't come with an HDMI cable standard as most xbox systems are now HDMI capable. This would provide better sound quality in my opinion.
"I bought these because, 1. wireless, 2. rechargeable and 3. they work with my Xbox360 and PS3.  Well tonight I was just messing around with them and it turns out they work for PC as well, and pretty much anything that will be played on your TV.  My setup has my PS3, Xbox360 and desktop PC all connected to my TV, with my computer having its own monitor as well, all via HDMI.  The thing is is that the receiver that comes with the headphones doesn't necessarily connect with the Xbox or PS3 via USB, just uses it as a power source.  So as long as you can connect the audio cable to something and power the receiver, you can hear whatever you want, included cable, directv, etc."
"Very good headset, well made and great quality. I bought these after having the old x400s for a long time. I found it hard to get used to the sound and where it was coming from compared to my previous surround sound x400. After a week of playing i got used to them and i like the sound options. if i have the money ill probabaly get the xp4/500s soon just for the dolby surround and digital input, but i am a hardcore gamer"
"I was super excited to receive my XP300 because it seemed to be the headset that would finally fix the wireless headset dilemma on the Xbox 360. That in itself is worthy of a purchase, but thankfully the XP300 has so much more to offer. I have purchased headsets that claim to be wireless in the past but somehow they always manage to involve wires. Doesn't really make sense to me. I had all but given up on a wireless Xbox 360 headset when this brilliant piece of technology came around. It is TRULY wireless, involving plugging a small adapter into the top of your 360 controller (where a traditional wired headset would plug in) and the adapter communicates wirelessly with the headset. It's beautiful perfection. If you happy to be 360 AND a PS3 fan, you're in for a treat. I don't even have to get up to switch from 360 to PS3. Turn the PS3 on, the bluetooth detects the XP300 (after initial setup) and I'm golden. I can even use the XP300 with my PC, although it is a wired connection. Not sure why they couldn't offer a wireless option for the PC as well and even though I don't really NEED wireless for my PC, it would have been a nice touch. I'm not going to knock a star off for this minor gripe because it outperforms all my expectations in every other capacity."
"Great headset, very comfortable. Turtle Beach comes through as always, amazing range, it says on the box 30ft but i went about 70 ft before it stopped working. Please do note...if you are looking at this as an all around headset, such as for your PC and Xbox this is not for you...you can make it work but its a pain...you have to get a bluetooth adapter for your pc and then install a 3rd party driver, and everytime you reboot your pc you have to unplug your adapter and restart your headset for it to work...but its designed for the 360 and on the 360 there arent many headsets at this price range that even compare...great quality and I love that you can recharge on the fly with the included USB cable for charging only"
"I would recommend this. It takes a little getting used to. At least for me. Getting it to work with either console, the X-Box 360 and the Playstation requires a bit of configuring when you switch from one to the other and is cumbersome in the beginning. I would say this awkwardness is something that can be overcome with practice and a little familiarity with the product. RTFM. If your having problems, read the manual again."
"I really wanted to like this headset. At first everything was great, then after a week my connection to the base station would go out randomly and would need to be re-synced. Afterwards more problems started to develop. Game audio would drop out, yet chat audio would be fine, resulting in turning the unit off and then back on. Then a short developed in the mic where the mic monitoring wouldn't work nor could I be heard during chat. Then the unit just stopped powering up."
I love how there is no wire from my headset to my controller! If you hate wires this is a must have!
"I purchased these XP300's thinking that it would be really nice to have a completely wireless headset, but in reality these don't work well at all. The wireless chat is just plain frustrating."
"This wireless headset is easy enough to set up and use. They work for both Xbox 360 and PS3. I really like the treble/bass modifier. Unfortunately they are too huge! My hat size is just under 6, and my head swims in these things! The sound is nice. If you have a large head then these are for you."
"This is my first ownership experience with a premium gaming headset. Prior to this I've only used the included ones for the Xbox 360. With that said keep in mind this is strictly an ANALOG STEREO gaming headset, it does not do 5.1 multichannel surround sound nor does it provide a digital source input..not even for digital stereo. Turtle Beach does have a higher priced digital surround sound model"
Pros:
A couple of months ago I reviewed the
"This is a lot of money for wireless stereo headset. Retail for this model/unit is $169.95. The wording for the product description is misleading at best, deceptive at worst. It does not provide surround sound on its own, for that you need a DSS or DSS2 which is another $80. Another issue is it can not pull the audio from the HDMI out from the xbox/playstation, instead requiring a inline pass thru from the RCA ports on your TV forcing you to choose between HDMI or component. No real choice for me. Too many compromises for me to recommend this headset."
"This headset is very flawed. I would love to blame it on the fact that maybe I just got a bad set - it happens. But I have now returned TWO of these same model. My first set I had for one month and one night the chat stopped working, I could hear others but they couldn't hear me. It also had many problems with wireless chat disconnecting randomly. It was very easy to put it back on by pressing the button on the puck that connects to the controller, but this would happen sometimes over 5 times in one gaming session. Annoying to say the least when you get cut of in mid-sentence. With the second set, the chat disconnected even more frequently and also would come completely unsynched from the transmitter often. After a week it wouldnt even synch at all to the transmitter and was completely dead (even when charging). I've returned both sets and am considering going with a different brand. I like the idea of wireless chat but I refuse to spend more on the XP400's or XP500's just to have the same problems. Very dissapointed in Turtle Beach after this experience."
I've had two separate reviews written for the TurtleBeach XP300 for about two months now. The first one was written out of pure frustration. The second was written out of joy for finally getting it set up and working.
and here's why first 100 dollars good price but that's the only plus. I own a px21 headset from turtle beach and went to wireless cause the cord was always getting caught on something. My bad because the XP300 is not even close to matching the sound quality from the headphones speakers that the px21 delivers. Next everyone say when I talk while gaming that my voice is not as clear as it use to be on the px21 headset and looking at the two microphones side by side you can just see the difference of straight on mic on the px21 headset and not the goofy covered ball mic on the xp300 . last up is this if you turn your head to one side or the other like to look around you get this annoying buzzing static sound from the xp300 headset. As of now since this is their latest and greatest of the new headset I have decided this will be the last thing I ever buy from turtle beach. to you my fellow consumers stay far away and don't even bother trying this its not worth your time or your money.
"I bought this headset mainly because it was completely wireless and it was on sale for $100.  I had it for 3 days and returned it primarily because there was a constant buzzing noise.  The louder the game volume slider was turned up, the louder the buzzing.  Lowering the game volume however was not a good solution.  I set up the XP 300 the same way I had my X31 set up as well."
