"I've been using the Symbian OS ever since the Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition and Nokia N8 came out some years back. I have always liked the Symbian system, and both the Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition and Nokia N8 have been great phones using it for my use. I also own and use the Motorola Tundra and I've been an AT&T; Wireless customer for 15 years, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't like to try an Android phone or Verizon service. So, I always look to see if a new phone I'm interested in works on the AT&T; system. This one does - but it has no connectivity with 4G LTE markets... zero LTE connectivity.***AGAIN, THERE IS NO LTE ON THIS PHONE***"
"This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. The display is gorgeous, the processor is very fast, the camera is great, and it is waterproof!"
"I have had the phone for 2 weeks now, and it is just GREAT!!! it is fast,  the camera is great, even in low contidion, in fact, it is like having a camera, that you can talk through!  videos are just incredible, the screen look just perfect. Don't believe all you read! I saw a lot of reviews that criticized the quality of the screen, it looks great! it's perfect image! true colors. As far as games, you can play whatever you want, NO glitches."
"Fast, HD, Thin, Lighter. What else? This is the best Sony smartphone ever...i would buy an HTC one, but this hone exceed my expectations."
good management by the very professional shop I get the phone intact and sealed south america I served in perfect
"I always want a unit phone, not S4 not Iphone 5. this is the phone I researched a lot and wondered about what the carrier for the phone?"
"amazing android experience, does not feel much lag to explore the sights, and with the new firmware update I have seen an improvement in the processing of photo shots."
Its all perfect
"got my phone yesterday (purple) and have very little complains about it, only thing I wish was for sony to hurry up and update the u.s firmware like in other places in the world and not leave us to last. so many countries have 253 firmware and some even 307 and i'm still stuch with the one before those two. but I can understand seeing how the u.s was the last to get it. either way I like my xperia z"
"so far I am loving this phone.  I am not one to read the manual, but find out as I go along.  I bought this after doing some research and comparisons.  I like the color (purple is my fave).  The sound and picture quality are awesome."
"This phone is really great, has a incredible camera and screen, the waterproof funtion is amazing!! recomended 100%. Pretty and light design."
"Well, I have use Sony's phone for long time and i like it. i have been used about 10 to 20 sony's or sonyericsson phine till now. I like this phone since I saw it, some one saids that it is not LTE net work. Please note that this is c6602 not 6603, 6603 is the one that use LTE net work, and 6602 is for the 3G net work. LTE net work is not available in the US. So if you buy 6603, the LTE net work are not gonna work."
"This phone is just the right size for everything. It's fast, fluid and the quality is very good. I'm coming from the s3 and note 2 b but this is far more comfortable to use. Multitasking is now natural and I don't need third party apps to take up part of my screen. The screen is good but it does not have very good viewing angles. I always look at my phone when I'm doing something so I did not see the need to drop off a star. The audio quality just is out of this world' to think I was going to buy a v-moda vamp for 600 . I bought a case for mine because the front and back is glass! I had better battery life on my note 2 but this phone charges super fast so it's not a big deal for me. It will last a full day at work though! Considering the screen and how thin this thing is, it's just good all around...."
"Good design, no ATT LTE coverage. Why would Sony do this? They need to make a phone which gives coverage on the fastest bands."
"I purchased this phone belivig that had the same specification described in sony page, but the phone lacks of LTE network, very dissapointed with that, so i think amazon should clear that specific information for other costumers on listing, and specify that this phone does not work on LTE bands because is not factory capable."
"The phone was not working when I received it, it took 6 hours with sony to reboot it. It is one of the most difficult phones I have ever used, they give you zero instructions and worst of all, the piece of garbage turns on all the time in your pocket and calls your contact numbers. I truly do hate it and am giving it to the kids to use as a toy to play games on. As a phone it is 100% worthless."
