"Well, I just came back from Target about 30 minutes ago and I picked up my 3DS XL. I picked up the red and black one. As soon as I took it out of the box I could see that this was well worth the money. IMO, the overall design is much better than the original 3DS. When you open the lid, you a hear a click that assures you that the hinge is tightly fastened. The screens are beautiful and the size of them are great. The original 3DS's screen is dwarfed compared to the 3DS XL's as it's 90% bigger. The stylus is now on the side rather than on the top which I think is a better place for it, as it's easier to get to in the middle of a game. The outer shape seems to have a more rounded design than the original 3DS. There is no docking station for recharging this time but rather it went back to the original cord in the back. Also, if you have an old DS XL case, then the 3DS XL will fit in it. I have one that I bought from BB last week for $1.99. Also, the 3DS XL comes with a 4GB card rather than the 2GB that comes with the original 3DS."
"If one looks at the 3DS with an unbiased, objective point of view, there is a lot to love. It was basically a next-gen successor of Nintendo's vastly successful DS console, with the horse-power of a console somewhere between the Gamecube and the Wii. It utilized a very cool 3-D effect that, when done right, really adds to the overall immersion of the gaming experiences available on it. Everything was an improvement on the original DS. Granted, it also had some caveats and issues as well. The 3DS XL does a very good job delivering the goodness of the original 3DS, while making vast improvements over its smaller brother original. In this review, I will focus on the differences and improvements this model makes on the 3DS line. I'll warn you right now, this is a long review. If you don't like long reviews, then you may want to skip this. :P"
"When it comes to ""more"", the 3DS XL is the perfect solution: each screen is nearly double the size of the original 3DS and the feel of peering into it is a bit more relaxing to my eyes than the time I spent with the smaller-screen original."
"My son asked for this for Christmas, and absolutely loved getting it!  Did everything he hoped for.  Can't say more than that!"
The 3DSXL is much better than the regular model.  The battery life is much longer and the screen is easier to see from multiple angles.  The larger screen also makes it much easier to play the games.
"So I bought a 3DS Original on day 1. I suffered through the lack of games. I bought several games with hopes that sometime soon I would enjoy my system. The 3D effect was fun... for the first 5 minutes. The screen seemed to hinder the games, with the 3D having too small of a sweet spot to enjoy, and much of the detail lost in the smaller screen."
It's not that I love it..I gave it to my grandson for Christmas and HE loves it!  His favorite Christmas present next to his Redskin jersey.
I love this console.
"This product is what it is...a much larger 3DS.  I purchased the DSI-XL to replace my original DSI because of vision problems.  The result was being able to play the game in comfort.  I absolutely loved my DSI-XL and it was one of my favorite toys.  When the 3DS came out, I purchased one of those.  Honestly, it was not much fun for me.  The sweet spot is small on these and I was a teary mess.  So when the 3DS-XL came out this week I knew that I had to have one.  So, it is trade in time.  Since Amazon isn't selling these yet, I went to my local GameSpot for trade.  I got $100 for my 3DS and $60 for my DSI-XL.  This made my out of pocket around $40.  I realize that I probably would have gotten a little more on EBay but I wasn't up for the hassle.  My main point is that if you are considering the upgrade, you should do it this week if trading.  GameSpot is offering an extra $25 on the trade in values this week-this will go away.  If you are young and are able to easily see the small screen, this is not an upgrade for you.  If you are like me (62 years plus), this upgrade is golden. 8/25 Update. I have been playing this console for almost a week and am very impressed. The 3D is much easier to see without blurring. The Legend of. Zelda ""Ocarina of Time"" is stunning. I had tried to play it on the regular 3DS and lost interest because it was hard to see.  I think that any age would really enjoy this unit and unless you have a good reason for the regular unit, I would get this one instead-definitely worth the up charge.  A week later I am extremely happy with my purchase/trade."
"I was a 3DS early adopter, having loved the DS and being a bit too caught-up in the 3D hype. That means I did get burned on that, having bought the original for the full launch price of $250 (thanks for the free GBA games Nintendo, but they really aren't worth $80). That said, I liked the 3DS. It had backward compatibility with DS games, the 3D was a neat touch (and pretty darn revolutionary at the time) and I even liked the new menu system with the ability to download content to SD card. Since launch, Nintendo has started offering complete downloadable games which is great- saves having to carry around a lot of game cards which are always so easy to lose."
I really enjoy playing! Helps kill time when I'm on the subway and 3d looks amazing! Games are a bit expensive though
I just wish that i could afford more games for it as some of the games are a little pricy
"My reviews might not be in major detail on the product but rather I'm going to pinpoint the exact problems and the reason why I may like a product, and what Nintendo can do to fix this."
THe 3DS is pretty dope. definitely worth it with the big screen. I just wish there was more color for it.
"Ok so over done title for the review. But the system is great. I love the fact that we're getting remakes of N64 games onto a HANDHELD system with UPDATED GRAPHICS. I only have two minor complaints: 1) The volume control is on the side of the system where your left hand will rub against it turning it up or down occasionally while playing. 2) While the 3D screen is cool, you do have to hold pretty still with it in front of your face at just the right angle for it to work. So games that require you to move the system or if the game is just really intense so you're jamming buttons and rocking the system all around It looks like you have double vision and you'll get distracted and hurt, killed, or whatever. So be careful with what games you turn the 3D on for. Ok actually there're three complaints the last one is a lot of games aren't getting creative enough with the touch screen, usually they just put the menu screen, stats, or map down there. But that does clean up the gameplay screen which is still kind of cool having it cleared up way more than you would usually see. I also love having the re-releases of old games like Super Mario Brothers or the Legend of Zelda for the NES downloadable."
"I owned the original DS (phat) and loved it but it bit the dust not to long ago (RIP) so I deiced to go all out and get this. I'm not looking back at all. The software included with the 3DS is excellent and the eShop is so much easier than carrying around games and has great content, not just small games you didn't know existed. The larger size of the XL was great because it was so much more comfortable to hold than the tiny DS models that keep me on my original DS, and the bigger screen never hurts."
"Well after playing the original 3DS I was totally unimpressed with it after comparing it to my PS Vita. The fact that the screens were so tiny and the system was so uncomfortable were a drag and I gave it a pretty mediocre review here on Amazon. But then I sold it to a friend and bought the XL to give it a fighting chance. I must say, it's a WAY better improvement over the regular 3DS."
i ordered it for my son as his Christmas gift. i was very much impressed with the functions and options. my son loves it. i recommend it.
"My kids now own two DS Lites, one 3DS and one 3DS XL. Is it worth getting a 3DS XL? According to my kids, it's a great, big, resounding YES!"
