"I originally purchased the 1st generation of this thermostat. The only thing I didn't like about the 1st gen thermostat was how far it protruded from the wall. On my final day for the return policy of the 1st gen, the 2nd gen was advertised to be released soon. So, I didn't hesitate to uninstall the old thermostat to send it back, pre-order and wait on the 2nd gen. The 2nd gen thermostat's profile in my opinion is perfect for the look and style I desire in my home; It makes my home appear a little more modern, but not too much. The install was easy and it looks great just as with the 1st gen. I noticed a $35 drop in my $120 per month power bill w/the first gen. I have a 2200 sq/ft home w/3bdrm and 2bth that's occupied by only myself and my wife. My AC system is a basic singles stage AC and a two stage heater; I hooked up six wires: O,R,B(C),W2,G & Y. I live in FL and the AC runs at 82 during the day and 78 at night. I'm hoping for about the same performance if not better with this thermostat. I'll admit I did try to go with a programmable Honeywell thermostat which ended up not being compatible with my system while waiting on this order. So my options were keep to my pre-order with the 2nd gen nest or keep the old thermostat from over ten years ago with no features. I'm glad to have decided to go with the 2nd gen Nest."
Picked mine up from the store today.
I am a super happy user of the 1st Generation Nest. I love it! So I immediately ordered the 2nd Generation (pre order) giving my 1st generation Nest to my parents (they are very happy now!).
"This is a cool product. You want it because it is cool, stylish, and easy to use. I like it. My family likes it. It's easy to use. It works pretty well. Overall, if you're reading long reviews about the Nest, you should probably buy it. Just know about certain things (read on)."
"Day one with the Nest, and I'm on the fence at the moment..."
"I received and installed my second-gen Nest thermostat about three weeks ago and was initially very happy with it.  Simple to install, beautiful, easy to use, it is certainly all that.  Unfortunately, it lacks one characteristic that a thermostat MUST have.  It is not robust.  It fails under circumstances that a $50 hardware store thermostat would have no problems with, and when it fails it DOES NOT FAIL SAFE - which is a pretty major problem when you're talking about a device that is controlling expensive heat and cooling (and, in a cold climate, keeping your pipes from freezing!)"
"I just sat down from installing this. So far I am pleased. The packaging is simple, frustration-free, and esthetic. It comes with the thermostat unit itself, the wall mount that has an included level (I thought this was just fluff, but it would be difficult to level a circle without it), a metal mount if needed, a white rectangular backplate if you are covering up an unpainted area, and a screwdriver with 4 different heads that store themselves in the handle."
"First, let me say that I really do like the Nest.  I have them installed in three properties and have previously recommended them to many friends.  A recent issue now has made me aware of a couple of 'limitations' (I'm going to call them critical bugs) in the Nest thermostat that nearly caused disaster!"
I bought the second generation Nest from Lowes the day it was released. I verified the compatibility on Nest's website. Installation was a breeze and so was the initial setup. Everything was smooth and it started to cool my house as expected.
"We bought this about 3 weeks ago, and it worked great for about 10 days, until the unit started acting artically and the battery got low. Called support, and I was told to recharge the unit with a USB, and see what happens. I did and the next day, the heat would not shut off! Therm was set to 68 and my house was at 76! Nest did not respond to anything, even shutting off the therm. I had to turn the breaker off to stop the furnace from running. I chalked this up to a faulty unit, so I exchanged it for a new one. (I called cuts service, but there was hour wait so I made the decision to get a knew one). Got the new one in and it lasted less than a week before the battery was low. I called customer support again ( got right through this time) to have them tell me that my router is not compatible!?! Turns out there is a lot of routers not compatible with the nest, and will cause the battery to run low. Rep told me that my choices were to get a new router or not use the wifi function. Mind you, my router is less than a year old so I'm not about to go spend another 75-100 dollars on top of the high price of the nest, or live without the wifi functions. So I returned it. Below is a link they sent me of the ""known"" routers that are not compatible. The nest seems to be a pretty finiky unit and even if i got a new router I'm not sure if i would trust it for any lenght of time away from the house. Especially reading other reviews about the power outtage issues. We REALLY liked the nest when it was working, we're very dissapointd that such an expensive therm is so unreliable and incompatible. [...]"
"I ordered two Nest 2.0 thermostats the very day they were announced, directly from Nest. I'm writing this review on Amazon, because it's the best place I've been able to get information on other people's experience with this thermostat. My problem in a nutshell: the compatibility checks for the 2.0 thermostat do NOT guarantee the thermostat will work with your system."
This was my original 5-star review from Oct 2012.  I've now down-graded it to 1-STAR (see below!):
"I think this is a very cool gadget and I am happy with it thus far for the month I've had it.  However it recently died on me, turns out the battery died.  SO upon further research, the problem is that this thermostat like many other high end stats need ""C"" wire to run properly usually Blue.  Most homes esp older ones dont have that because older thermostats didn't need it.  Nest fails to mention that and claims it will run fine off the 4 wires.  To do this it must charge during the time heat/ac is running if you dont run it enough it has to perform short burst of off/on which for my new furnace which responds fast it not good as i can hear it making sounds sometimes.  Maybe for older ones that there is lag.  However this is not safe for your equipment.  I am planning on running a C wire to give this the proper power it needs to run."
"I am an HVAC Contractor. I install and replace controls of all types. This control is the most user friendly and interactive control I've ever installed, bar none. Honeywell has a similar control that claims to be intuitive, but it simply falls short in so many areas when compared to the Nest Generation 2. Easy to install, simple to wire, and simple to verify that it will work with your existing HVAC System. Setting up the WiFi via the internet is also a seamless task. I highly recommend this product!"
"Assuming you want to use the Wi-Fi feature, I do not recommend buying this thermostat if you do not already have a common 'C' wire installed and working properly. Most existing thermostats are 4-wire (red, white, green, yellow). This configuration does not supply constant power. Any setup without constant power to the unit (without the blue common 'C' wire) just isn't going to power this power hungry device. I don't mean to say its an energy hog, it just that powering the beautiful LCD display and the built-in Wi-Fi takes power - more power than its built-in rechargeable battery can handle. You could add the 'C' wire, but this will be more money on top of the pretty penny you pay for the NEST. Diminishing return on investment....."
I love the Nest in so many ways. Unfortunately one fatal flaw keeps me from recommending this product. Here's the scenario....
"Very excited about the nest, we purchased 2 for our home.  Before purchase we verified that our system is compatible with nest using their online compatibility tool.  Our HVAC system was installed new in 2005 so we thought we'd be in great shape."
"1 star might be too low considering Nest has provided good customer service and that the device worked fairly well for a few days, but people need to be aware that just because it works after installation doesn't mean it is safely installed. This isn't a typical thermostat and you should continue to monitor it and your heating/cooling equipment... and don't ignore an inaccurate temperature being displayed."
"First, let me point out that it is ""Okay to ask for Directions"". Nest phone support is the most professional I've used, slightly edging out Apple with the ability to send screenshots to the support person. We called nest support during setup when I overrode common sense and connected the Orange ""O"" wire to every potential other than the ""O"" over ""B"" connector. Support was very quick to see my issue when I sent them the photo of my old thermostat's wiring. You did take a picture of the old thermostat wiring, right?"
"I have a Nest 2.0 and like it, but they have some bugs to work out in software. Example: my nest will not turn the heat on in the morning when I try to manually override. The heat is scheduled to come on at 9:30, but when I turn the ring to turn it on early it will heat for about 90 seconds, and then turn it off and go back to ""Nighttime Heat."" mode. No matter what I do, it will not keep the heat on. I called support, and they said this is supposed to work this way, and I would have to turn my heat pump setting off the balanced energy setting to max comfort before it will turn the heat on. I was shocked to hear this."
NOTE: Review updated after horrible initial experience. Now working great!
"this is my first review as i've never been so totally excited and then totally disappointed by a product and the company that backs it. like everyone else, i was thrilled by the promise of nest. like too many, it turns out, i was disappointed by the actual implementation of the concept. nest appears to be willing to lure customers into needless wasting of time and money, rather than simply acknowledge on their website that they are not compatible with 2 and 4-wire configurations. at the very least they should say that their system may not work with your system and describe how one might confirm before purchasing. are we supposed to be their R&D; department? even if you go through their compatibility check and get an indication of compatibility like i did, you risk having the experience i did."
"So I followed the directions on the website and sent a picture of my thermostat and was told it was compatible. I ordered the thermostats and went through hooking them up and got an error. After some time on the phone with support, I sent a picture of my controller panel and was again told it was compatible but would need to talk to a professional. Talked to a professional and was told it was not compatible because of my two-zone system. Now waiting for a quote on changing the panel. Leaves me wondering if the compatibility check ever comes back negative!! I can, of course, return the thermostats, but wanted to warn anyone out there with less patience to be wary if you have a two zone system with wires that match up easily with the diagrams on the website."
The Nest Learning Thermostat is HORRIBLE for Rental Properties.
I installed a brand new 2nd Generation Nest in my lake home. Everything on the Nest functioned perfectly with the HVAC unit for both heating and cooling. It was great to know the temperature of the house while I was away.
"I currently have a first and second generation nest in my house. One on each floor. These things are great. They remind you to change out your air filter if you have one, which believe it or not helps alot. It makes an auto-schedule base on your first 6 days or so of use. It will continue to change your schedule in the future, but is smart about it. It will only make a change if it detects a consistent change on the same days around the same time."
PLEAE READ THE UPDATES BELOW TOO FOR MOST UP TO DATE INFORMATION.
"I recently had a a brand new furnace and air conditioning service installed.  As part of this installation I paid separately for the Nest.  Prior to confirming I contacted the customer support to confirm the product was compatible which they confirmed.  After the electrician installed it I noticed a few days later the AC unit was going on along with the heating unit.  The electrician came out and rewired the entire unit and put in a new circuit board for the unit to ensure that was not the problem, but it continued.  I called Nest and they confrimed it was a compatible unit and the electrician was probably in error.  So I paid the electrician to come back out and they worked with Nest support, on and off, for about 4 hours.  At the end of this they could not get the unit to work.  Nest had him install a thermostat from a different company and it worked totally fine.  The electrician left without talking again to Nest because the customer support person went on an hour break and I didnt want to keep paying the electrician.  I called Nest support again to confirm it was not compatible.  The new support person asked for a picture of the wiring for the other product's thermostat (I had previously sent a picture of the wiring for Nest).  She said the product ""may not"" be compatible and the only way to know would be to do a voltage test (Nest apparently needs 24 volts).  I asked why the previous customer support did not run this by the electrician and they had no answer."
"December 27 2012 : My wife and I decided to buy two Nest thermostats for our home. I do not like to install anything that involves fuseboxes, so I had Nest recommend an installer. A day after the two nest devices arrive, Nest's installer came out and spent 4.5 hours installing. (our heatpumps were absolutely supported, verified by everyone at Nest, the installer, and subsequent calls to Nest)"
Don't get your hopes up too high just yet ... some of the things that NEST does't tell prospective customers:
"I was extremely excited about this product, so much so that my wife though I was crazy for paying so much for it. We did have a 4 year old touch screen thermostat that the touch screen had stopped working on (but I had it programmed so it wasn't that big of a deal). I also needed something that was easy enough for the wife to use (she didn't like the previous thermostat because, well first off the touch screen didn't work well and second it was relatively complicated to use) but also techy enough for me to be happy with it. I really liked the mobile app (I'm using Android and the new updated to the mobile app makes it almost as good as using the website) and being able to set the temperature when we leave or are on our way home from a long trip."
"This is a very cool product, but... Nest could be more honest and direct about potential compatibility issues.  The Nest is different from a conventional digital thermostat in one very important way:  it has a wifi radio.  This means that it eats power.  Digital thermostats are powered by the high side of a 24 V AC transformer.  This is your red, Rh/Rc wire.  Many homes do not string, or if strung, do not connect the low side of the transformer, called the ""common wire"".  This limits the power available to the thermostat and is the reason why most have batteries.  For a nest, this is a real problem.  You might get enough juice without the common wire, or you might not.  A roll of the dice.  If you don't, you'll get erratic behavior.  In my home, the nest would delay turning on the heat for 3 minutes, then briefly start heating, and then reset the delay, indefinitely.  Nest had me disconnect the cooling wires.  Then the heat would come on, but NEVER turn off.  Then, they said, ""you need a common wire"".  So, I read an AC installation manual, found that the wire was strung, but not connected at the furnace.  I rectified that and the nest works perfectly.  In my opinion, Nest should fess up to this situation immediately in the compatibility section of the website and NOT recommend nest without a common wire.  Once working, its great"
"I have a nest thermostat and love the interface, ability to control it via iPhone, and the look.  The only problem is that it does not support variable speed furnaces -- and that's what most new furnaces are.  I installed one in my newly-renovated house, and it only has one ""on"" setting -- either the air is blowing hard (you can feel the breeze) with more noise, or it's off.  Nothing in-between.  Until nest offers this very basic funcationality, I'm replacing mine with a traditional thermostat.  CHECK WITH A PROFESSIONAL before installing to understand what kind of furnace you have before installing."
The second generation Nest thermostat. Well I was fascinated by the concept when the first generation model came out last year. I was a bit hesitant though because of some negative reviews but the product seemed so good and the promotional material on the company's web site so convincing I just had to give it a try.
"Opening the 2nd Generation Nest was a religious experience... as good as opening something from Apple! We had the 1st Generation Nest in our old home and it was nice but we could not use it in our new home due to a dual-fuel system... the 2nd gen takes it to another level and works with these systems.  The Nest itself is even more gorgeous with a single stainless steel ring instead of a plastic + stainless ring found on the 1st Gen.  The rotation of the ring around the unit it silky smooth, I'm baffled by how solid it looks and feels."
"I bought the latest NEST from Amazon several months ago. Yesterday I took it out. I have a new YORK furnace. The furnace has 5 days of sensing logic, which I now understand many new furnaces have. The built in programing logic for my furnace conflicts with the NEST sensing logic. NEST says nothing of this is their adds or installation manuals. I paid to install the NEST and then paid for 2 service calls because of serious temp swings in our house. Yesterday I had our old thermostat put back into our home. I wasted close to $400.00 on this NEST and it's installation and the service calls. I made a serious mistake listening to the SLATE article on NEST. If you don't want to walk in our shoes I recommend you do more research than I did. Call the NEST company with the make and model of your home furnace - get a guarantee that it will work. I doubt I have any recourse on sending mine back to Amazon - I plan on calling today."
This would have been a 5 star review if the unit could do a simple function like schedule just the fan to come on without AC/heat.
"I loved the idea of this thermostat so much, I bought two. The first hurdle was installation. I chose a professional installation through Nest, but after 3 failed attempts to schedule ""local"" installers on their list. I gave up. It seems that the contracted installers have a certain mileage limit they commit to as Nest Certified Installers, but won't actually travel more than 20 miles or cross State lines to do a job. At least that's the way it is where I live. Nest would schedule and the contractor would call me directly and tell me they couldn't do the job and I should call Nest to find another installer."
