"The US version of the phone differs as it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor with 1.5 GHz Dual-Core CPUs, while the the rest of the hardware specs are the same as the international version."
"First I want to start by saying that I have had an iphone since launch date of 2007, I always loved my iphone and I have bought every generation of it including the iphone 4s. Slowly I have been getting bored with the iPhone, when I saw what was coming with iOS 6 I was disappointed since I thought they where going to introduce really cool things that the OS would do. I then saw the keynote from Samsung about the Galaxy S3 and I was blown away. I thought this is what the iphone 5 should be."
"Samsung Galaxy S3 16GB White, Verizon"
"My first smartphone was a pink blackberry pearl back in the day when only 30% of cell phone users had smartphones. Then I upgraded to the iPhone 4. I had an iPod touch and really wanted an iPhone and when Verizon finally was able to have the iPhone 4, I preordered it. After using the iPhone 4 for nearly 2 years, and after seeing the new iPhone 5, I was really disappointed. It looked pretty much the same, just longer and with a smaller port. It was faster than 4 or 4s, but I still wasn't impressed. I decided to go for the S3 after reading reviews and playing with it in the store. I'm glad I did. Here's why:"
"This is an incredible phone. It has exceeded my expectations! Its zippy, has a beautiful screen and is a perfect size. At first, when you look at it, it seems too big but after you use it a few times you realize the screen size is perfect. It fits in my pocket easily and is very light. I actually purchased the extended battery and cover from hyperion which help give it some weight. I actually prefer that extra weight on it and the new hyperion battery now lasts double the time. I have not had any issues about the ""error with sim card"". That really sounds like a Verizon wireless problem and I hope they resolve the issue quickly so that more people can enjoy this great phone. I had sold my iphone 4S and was going to purchase the Iphone 5 but unfortunately for Apple I picked this beautiful phone up and never looked back. I highly recommend it as it is very customizable and a joy to use. With its big screen, I can now enjoy watching a movie or a T.V. show while I'm on the go. Get it! You won't regret it after you learn android OS. By the way, the S3 will be receiving the updated Android OS ""Jelly Bean"" in October. I'm sure it will make this great phone even better once the update rolls out."
"FIRST, PLEASE NOTE:  I am not a professional with the smart phone.  In fact, my 9 year old granddaughter could probably show me more about my phone than I could ever figure out.  So if you are looking for a professional review... skip this one."
"The phone is great, battery life, display, form factor are all fantastic. I would have given a 5 star review if it weren't for the bugs. Drive mode doesn't work for me at all. Tried everything I could to get it to work, even load my contact information on to my phone instead of syncing from google. Still a no go."
"I've had this phone for a week so far, and I have a long way to go in learning all of its features.  So far, I've really only used the basic stuff.  But I do have some comments, so I wanted to do this while they were fresh.  I'll try to remember to come back and update."
"I am completely in love with this phone. I preordered mine through Verizon before the new plans kicked in so I was able to keep my unlimited plan! (Thank goodness!) I upgraded from the Droid 1, to the Droid 3, and onto the S3, and while I was nervous to leave Motorola (because of their stronger antennas, and the keyboard)I am so happy I did! This phone is just amazing. I did have a couple problems with my first one, but Verizon overnighted me a new one and it was all set."
"The new Samsung Galaxy III has blown me away. I have been a Sprint subscriber for 13 years and used only Samsung phones initially. Due to work related requirements, I switched to the Blackberry for the past four years. Well, the BB died on Friday and now resides where dead BBs go."
"I am really enjoying the Galaxy S3, the screen is beautiful and the phone is light and thin."
"I upgraded from a Droid Incredible a few weeks ago. I love the Galaxy S3 for its larger screen, snappy operation and slim form factor. I use it as a GPS, MP3 player, e-book reader, movie player, e-mail, web research, alarm clock--oh yeah, occasionally as a phone. Typically I have 40-50% battery power left after 16 hours with the stock battery. It contains a decent camera with the capability of motoring off a string of photos by holding down the shutter release. Also, you can shoot amazing panoramas in moments. Nice!"
I've owned a mobile phone with just about every OS in the smartphone era with the exception of Windows Phone 7/8 and the Galaxy S III is my favorite total package of hardware and software that I have ever owned.
"The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It takes a little bit to get used too, but I guess that's with all phones. I originally was giving to get an iPhone 5, but after they won that ridiculous lawsuit I went with my 2nd choice the S3. I was also not liking the very little changes to the iPhone 5 and the change of port on the bottom as well."
"Only good things to say about this phone. The phone is so light, the screen is huge and vivid, system is fast and customizable. Camera takes tremendous photos and HD videos. Expandable memory is a big perk. I have had no problems whatsoever with this phone and Verizon's 4G LTE network is unmatched and worth the price. Only regret is that I didn't upgrade from my BlackBerry (Satan's cell phone) sooner."
"I ordered this phone and cancelled my order shortly thereafter when I read at the very bottom of the device description that Amazon is selling used, refurbished phones. That is a bit of information that should be at the very top of the page describing this phone. I have been happy with my purchases from Amazon in the past and find this page to be entirely deceptive and misleading. It will color my opinion of doing business with Amazon in the future. In fact, I will not purchase merchandise that is not explicitly stated to be ""new"" or ""used"" at the very top of the page right next to the price. Shame on you, Amazon."
I like the phone it works well it takes a bit to get used to the layout of apps and everything. I get frustrated at times. The biggest problem I have had is with the motion settings and s voice. The motion settings don't always work right. The s video doesn't understand a Midwest accent or maybe you just need to speak like a speak and spell. I don't think that would even work.
I chose to use the phone for a few months before writing this review to prevent the initial excitement from biasing this honest review. I came from a Motorola Droid running CM 7.2.
"I would take this phone over an iPhone ANY DAY. I know a lot about technology which is why I know that apple is not the way to go. I literally have been using this phone for a week and cannot think of a single downside. I have never felt this way about an electronic before. This phone is light, it has a perfect size screen, is insanely fast, packed with tons of awesome features, very customization, excellent battery life, great screen, loud sound, and comes with really nice Samsung white noise cancelling ear buds with inline mic and remote. Literally, if someone offered me a full refund of this phone to get a free iPhone 5 I would decline without hesitation. This is clearly the best phone out there, possibly the best to ever be released. Not a single con that I can think of. Recommend to anyone from business professional to a kid who wants to game. (No lag for any game I played by the way). Note: unlike apple where you need to jailbreak a device (now illegal) to get personalization, this phone gives you full access to all folders and data in the phone. Therefore, using a single app, you can put music downloaded from the internet right into the music player app. On my iPod, I need two different music apps (1 the stock one for music on my computer, 2 A downloader for internet music). Overall, you can tell Samsung wants to make personlization easy, unlike apple who makes it impossible."
"This is my 4th android smart phone & the best ever. And soon we will have the next update, hopefully in Dec., then it will be even better.  I have had no problems.  Every phone has a learning curve, just be patient and watch all the videos on the (guided tour) app. I learn something new about this phone each day. The movies I put on run smooth and I can even put the movie on the top of screen while answering email or texts. The internet is fast, & battery life is way better than the Thunderbolt."
love the new phone. easy to use. Only thing - the back cover seems flimsy when taking it off or putting back on...
Every review tells you how good this device is.
"I got this about 9 months ago after having two iPhones. Apple was ticking me off with their restrictive phone and I thought I would try something new. I do consider myself impartial on this even with my iPhone history as I got it completely open-minded. I would say that this phone for the most part is actually a pretty cool phone. It looks great, feels solid in your hand, has fun features and is relatively easy to use (Apple still takes the cake on usability). Some of my absolute favorite things are the Navigation tool that gives voice turn-by-turn directions and voice to text messaging. However, that does not make up for the cons, which are as follows:"
Loved this phone until it started giving me problems in certain areas. I'm not able to place and receive calls at my work location. Went through two phones and two sim cards - still same error. Verizon doesn't want to acknowledge that there is a problem with this phone because it acts in certain areas/towers only. There are a lot of people complaining about this issue. You can check out this Verizon forum: [...]
"The screen and hardware are great--- but like many other folks I suffer from a terrible ""No Sim Card error"" when I try to make phone calls in 4G areas.  No amount of replacing the sim card has solved this problem, and neither Verizon or Samsung recognize the issue officially."
"Today my phone started giving me the ""No SIM"" error in my office.  My other phones worked great there.  Google ""no sim galaxy s3 verizon"" and you'll see many similar complaints .  I know this is a new phone model, but this is not acceptable at any stage.  Do not buy this phone if you want to use it as a phone!  This problem only seems to occur with verizon."
So i had this phone for around 30 days and had to return it. In areas where service went from 3g to 4g  or 4g to 3g calls were often droped due to the usage of verizons 2 antennas internal (3g) and external via sim card (4g). Im assuming an update for thus issue will come out but when. Also the over all power of the antenna isnt very strong compared to my previous phone and actual quailty of the materials used for the body of the phone are junk. The screen scratches very easily and the back covers paint will crack if dropped making me wonder how the phones supposed to last 2 years with new contract. I suggest going with motorola due to durability and overall strength of signal. I gave it two stars because the actual layout and screen are awesome.
Amazing piece of device.  Can't call it a phone because i can't make a PHONE call around my neighborhood.  I've been working w/ Tech Support for over 2 months now w/ no resolution.  What a shame.  I have Verizon Wireless as the provider.
"Nice program, bad phone. My screen stays black and it takes about 30 seconds to wake up. Of course when it rings it cannot be answered because you can't see what to tap. Samsung will not replace it. It is only 4 months old. They will repair. I gave them a shot at that, went a week without a phone. Got it back and its is just the same maybe a little worse. Their service is just plain BAD. The phone has a list price of 699.00 and they will not make good."
For me its difficult to rate a phone when its the number one seller. People seem to love it and I respect that. the thing is that I'm not at all pleased with its camera nor its screen. The resolution is good but its sensitivity is average. Same thing with its camera. A good camera but there are other phones which deserve a look.
"I bought this phone in October, moving from the iPhone 4, after considering the iPhone 5.  I'm still of mixed feelings about the choice I made.  I run a small business and enjoy gadgets but am not a geek.  The iPhone was the first phone I had that was a pleasure to use -- if you wanted to do something, it was set up to do that -- no pressing four or five buttons and trying to remember what you had to do, in what order, to do a simple function.  My husband was a keen Blackberry user and said the same thing about his phone."
"Cannot give 5 stars, because the camera is not as good as Iphone 5's."
The Android phone of the year hands down! I recommend this phone to everyone. I will not regret my purchase! :)
