"A few hours since delivery... I'm impressed. Just about everything about the PSV: display, controls, features, the games - top of the line. This is a gaming machine that shouts ""quality"" and, after the first few hours of playing Uncharted and a couple of small games off the PSN, I can say that I've had the best portable gaming experience ever - we currently have a PSP and a DSi in the house plus a couple of tablets and smart phones."
"**I wrote a pretty big review on the 3DS, and as I mentioned in that review, I definitely was going to write one for the vita. I usually support my reviews for a while, so I will be reading all comments and will keep updating the review over the next few weeks as I learn more and more. Please do comment with any info you have and I'll edit the review**"
"Overall rating is 3.5 stars, but since that's not an option I had to go with 3 stars."
"I have had this for 17 days, and so far I love it! I was worried whether it would be worth it, mainly because of the pricing, memory cards, and amount of games. I have a ps3 and buying games for two systems doesn't seem likely for a college student! Priced at only 20 bucks less than a ps3 game and depending on the title, it could set you back a lot. Even with all this, these are my reasons for why you should get it (and why not):"
"After playing around with my PS Vita for a couple days, I've been able to test out most of the features and game demos to give it the best possible review. Overall, I'm pretty impressed with my Vita. It's definitely worth the money I spent. I think it has potential to be a very successful system. I'm excited to see what developers create for it. A PS Vita version of Monster Hunter would make it sell out the roof, especially in Japan. Here's some features and components I thought stood out to me when I played it, good/bad."
"First, let me say that I'm in my thirties and am busier than ever with family, career, school and living an active lifestyle.  BUT, I've always enjoyed playing an occasional high production and fast twitch games since I can remember.  I have an Xbox 360, but just no time to play it, a PS3, but my family really only uses it to watch movies and an IPad and IPhone, but those never satisfied my gaming ""fix""."
"The answer to that question is both a yes and no. To be quite honest, if you are a casual smartphone user who plays games in their iOS or Android device and aren't concerned with games, the Vita is not for you. However, if you are a smartphone user and yearn to be able to plays higher quality games with controls that makes sense on a screen that won't hurt your eyes, the PS Vita is right up your alley. So let's get into it:"
"When the original PSP was released, I immediately put it on my Christmas list and eagerly waited its arrival. The display was quite impressive and the hardware was unmatched by any handheld at the time, but the game library was lacking. Early on, the only game I felt was worthwhile was Wipeout: Pure, but I did not really feel inclined to purchase beyond (BEYOND!) that. A few years down the road, I bought a few more choice titles for it but I still could not shake the feeling that the PSP was some what abandoned. Titles such as GoW, Daxter, Lumines, and Persona were impressive, but outside that, the PSP library did not impress me (I'm sure many of you will disagree and I am more than willing to hear your opinions!). All in all, I felt burned by the original PSP."
The PSVITA in a nutshell
"Let me preface this review. I'm an adult gamer, have a professional career, etc. I don't have time for PC games anymore, and even console games are a hard sell for me since the ones I want to play demand a lot of time (Mass Effect, Dragon Age, etc)."
"I'm somewhat of a Nintendo fanboy. With the exception of the game cube (which I never got), I've owned just about every major revision of every nintendo system ever released. For sony, all I ever had was the playstation 1 (no ps2, ps3, psp for me). For some reason I am just drawn to handheld systems and have always loved the offerings from nintendo. I've got a nice TV, but I just really like having the ability to play wherever I want. I absolutely loved the DS Lite, probably my favorite system ever, so I recently picked up the 3ds... as it turns out, the fun I've had with the 3ds is what ended up getting me sold on the vita."
"I've never been THAT much into the handheld consoles.  I get them for my 8 year old, and play a few things here and there, but with several Xboxes at home, the PS3, and a Wii, the handheld never appealed to me.  But a few weeks ago before launch, the local brick and mortar had one of these to try, and my son and I played with it some, and I was quite impressed.  The quality of the screen, the brightness, was just astounding."
"Fist of all I have to say that the Vita has great potential, and already has some decent games. That being said, I think Sony is missing the mark on a few things when it comes to the Vita."
"I'll paint a picture for you: A device that has two thumb-sticks, graphics about one level lower then PS3's, a battery life that is ADEQUATE for a handheld, AMAZING SCREEN, GRAVITY RUSH, and TWO THUMB STICKS! Need I say more? Borrow a vita or go find a clean one from best buy or gamestop, play something. Bam you already love the screen, now play Gravity Rush. Don't just play 2 minutes, absorb into your Vita. Didn't know you were just playing a handheld did you? This is the future, stop being afraid of it. Get sucked in, and be prepared for the games coming for this. Doesn't fit in your pocket? Get bigger pockets. I rather have this BIG screen then some small one any day. Small game library? ITS BEEN OUT A FEW MONTHS! Stop trolling people, seriously. You are passing up an amazing experience because you aren't even TRYING to enjoy it."
"I am not usually an early adopter, but I have been waiting a long time for a system I can sit quietly somewhere with and play violent action and first person shooter games on. The DS and PSP were fine for RPGs, and the iPhone is good for poking at little birds and fruits, but this is something else entirely."
"I really hadn't paid the Vita too much attention before it came out. I had a PSP before and a DS and found that they really didn't hold my interest when I had a 360, PS3 and PC to fight for my gaming time.  Well when the Vita was released I decided to drop by Best Buy just to check it out. I played the uncharted demo for about 15 minutes and came home and immediately ordered the Vita from Amazon. Before I tried it out I really wasn't expecting to be as blown away by the quality of the graphics on the goreous screen as I was.  It really felt like having a little console in my hand. Well I've had it for about a week now and absolutely love it.  I got six games for it so far but I've only gotten around to trying 3 of them so far.  It so easy to get caught up playing a game when the visuals and sounds are so impressive.  I can't wait to see what the later software looks like on this thing considering how good this first gen stuff already looks.  Great system and I hope it sells a ton!"
"I bought the Vita from gamestop but i felt i had to still write a review for other people to see. I absolutely love it. I;ve had every single handheld back to date and nothing feels as solid as this vita. It feels high tech, the screen is amazing! The little PSN games you can play on it (Escape Plan, Mutant Blobs Attack) Are extremely fun and show off the real tech in this system. A lot of people have been complaining about the memory cards, and even though they are overpriced, people seem to forget that it's not entirely Sony's fault that they made it that high. If hackers seriously didn't do what they did to the psp in the first place, they might have found and easier way to do things but business is business. If apple can do it and people still buy it, then i don't see why people complain about Sony. Just drop it and enjoy the games. I believe nothing is getting cheaper these days and until people wake up and realize that, we can move on from these discussions. All and All, the Vita is a Great system and shouldnt be undermined by Hating* reviews and down right fanboyism. Play it for yourself, give it a day or 2, play a game you think you won't like and i guarantee it will change your mind."
Today is the 12th day since I got the Wi-Fi PS Vita on launch day and what is my take on it so far? I have to say it is the ultimate gamer's portable dream! It trumps any handheld gaming experience in history and the hardware just oozes with groundbreaking potential.
"When the Nintendo DS was announced, I didn't think much of the touchscreen.  I even waited until the release of the DS Lite before I jumped on that bandwagon.  Even now, I never use the touch screen on it.  When the PlayStation Vita was announced, I had a different mindset.  Touchscreen technology seems to have improved immensely since it was introduced in cellphones and tablets.  Sony also had me very curious about the touch-sensitive back panel (and VERY happy that this system had 2 analog control sticks!)  I was also rather impressed by the hardware specs...  This little machine is a BEAST!  Over all, I am really happy with my purchase, and I'll be happy to fill in the details why.  There are also a few gripes (nothing worth docking a star, but worth mentioning,) that I have as well."
This is the bundle for the PS Vita WiFi
When i first bought it I was worried it would be a waste of money but it has been so worth it. I spend a lot of my time traveling and this has been the perfect way to pass the time. There are a ton of really fun games already as well as the old psp and mini downloads from psn. I highly recommend it.
"As someone who travels fairly regularly, I was interested in purchasing a top of the line gaming laptop. The main purpose was to have top flight portable gaming. After analyzing the pros and cons, I decided against the gaming pc and decided I'd try the PS Vita instead. Overall, it's an amazing piece of hardware. However, there are a few complaints I have about the system. I'll list the good and bad."
What can I say? This device is everything I expected it to be.
"I am in love with this thing. The graphics are unbelievable. Touch screens are very responsive. Love the dual analog sticks. Uncharted Golden Abyss looks ridiculous on this thing. It's pretty much on par with the Uncharted PS3 titles. Battery life could be better, but I'm not complaining. Any hardcore gamer out there needs to buy this. Launch titles are solid and upcoming games in the future are looking amazing (Unit 13, Call of Duty, LBP, etc). Would recommend this bad boy to anyone."
"First, a few things virtually everyone agrees upon: the screen is large and bright (see below for an update regarding the screen), the games are graphically very close to console quality and the battery life is pretty good. My story: as I have gotten older and busier I find that I have less time (and thus a harder time justifying a sit down session with my PS3). Secondly, I avoided past handhelds because of the small screen and inferior graphics. The Vita fixes both issues for me. I can play it play it for a few minutes in bed before going to sleep and the screen is large enough that I actually want to play it. I only own 1 Vita game (Escape Plan) and 2 PSP games (SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1 and Metal Slug Anthology  which between them contain 23 Neo Geo titles- and they look great BTW!). Ironically, getting in touch with games I loved as a kid has been what really makes me like the system. I now have my eyes on half a dozen PS1 Classics that will be amazing once the Vita is updated to play them. Final Fantasy VII is on the top of my list. Right now, with 20 something Vita titles out there most people will find a game or two they must have, factor in the PSP titles and future potential of PS1 Classics, the Vita is ready for prime time right now. Sony has been consistently solid with its systems and Vita looks to be no exception. I recommend one to every gamer and especially to people who are drifting away from gaming like I was."
"The Good: Two analog sticks!, huge gorgeous OLED screen, responsive touch screen and rear pad, two cameras work great, gyroscope adds another dimension to gaming, game cards are a Godsend, extremely powerful, interesting new interface"
I had a PSP but quickly lost interest as it seemed to be starting to die as there were hardly any new games being released. I have been watching news on the Vita and after seeing the announced specs it caught me interest. Then after seeing the quality name games like Uncharted and Silent Hill being released on this awesome piece of hardware I knew I would love it. After receiving my preorder and play Uncharted I new I made a good purchase. The graphics on the Vita are amazing and the sound is really good too. That said the price for the power is the battery which unfortunely not changeable. The menu music drove me nuts but its easy to turn off. The oled screen is amazing and very responsive to touch. I highly recommend the Vita you wont be disappointed. Now if they can keep putting out some awesome titles they will definately make  a lot more money from me.
"A great handheld device!  Fast, huge screen, touch screen is nice, great gaming, and nice apps like netflix and facebook are also available and work wonderfully on the vita.  Although I still love my 3DS, I can't believe it was originally sold for the same price as the Vita when it was first released- the PS Vita is far superior.  Unless you are a huge fan of nintendo titles, if you only had to pick one handheld device, choose the Vita."
"This console is great. It is easy to use and fun. But it dosnt have as many good games as the psp 3000. I wish they would just add some good games that the psp 3000 has, like metal gear solid peacewalker, gta liberty city stories, Lego star wars, midnight club, twisted metal head on, and a few others. Other than that, the console is amazing, but still maybe a bit overpriced. (Especially once you include the games, accessories, and the memory card.)"
"Before writing this, let it be known that I have owned every handheld game system since the GameBoy Color. So, mostly Nintendo systems and a PSP. I have a 3DS XL and PS Vita right now."
"I was gifted one of these around the time it was released for my birthday. The system may seem expensive, but the Vita is a very interesting piece of tech. Games and movies are simply beautiful on that big, beautiful screen, and touch controls are fun to play with when a game implements them properly. The dual sticks are a dream to operate, and the hardware feels right to hold in my hands. It's also surprisingly light to hold, making it perfect to use for long gaming sessions. Sound is nice from the built in speakers, but it sounds absolutely beautiful with a proper set of ear buds or headphones. The cameras aren't iPhone quality, but they are good enough for their purpose. Sony knew what they were doing when they were making the Vita and it shows."
The Vita Challenges:
"As an original PSP owner, I'm glad that they took their original model and expanded on it. Now with more awesomeness!"
"I really hesitated about the ps vita, given the less than stellar performance it had in Japan.  On launch day I actually bought the vita from Amazon, and then quickly cancelled the order about 30 minutes after...  After reading the reviews online and watching countless unboxing videos on youtube, I finally reordered the system.  Now,  two weeks later,  I have to say that this:  This is easily one of the best videogame systems that I have ever purchased."
"I bought a Vita for the sole fact that I am a big Sony fan, not always the case, but it happen when I was converted in the 8th Grade when the Sega Saturn sucked a big one. Ever since then I have been a fan. But even as a fan I will always admit that the Playstation brand launches have ALWAYS! been lackluster. But that all changed with the Vita. At launch Sony already had most of the online infrastructure for the Vita functional (in North America anyways). Games? Hot Shots Golf, Uncharted, Mod Nation Racer, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, Ninja Gaiden, Escape Plan, just to name a few. The hardware itself is amazing, its basically a portable PS3 with a front touch-screen, a rear touch-pad, dual analog sticks and only missing two shoulder buttons but in some of the games out there the touch-pad and touch-screen make up for it, Trophy support, I can really go on and on about what I like about this system, but that would make this review too long."
"Oh, man how I love the Vita - Its been a looong time since portable gaming felt this good. I've had nearly every system since the 80's..going back to Intellivision, SNES, GameGear, Genesis, DreamCast..thru the GB/PSP/DS era..have'em all incl. the iphone, ipad, PS3 etc..Guess What? This little baby beats'em all..its that much fun...and best of all - its all about a very high quality gaming experience deserving of your precious time. Gorgeous display - better than anything out there - and awesome sound - keeps you engaged - and puts a smile to your face - its like being a teen again - only better - this is a first class entertainment device for serious gamers  - and those who appreciate high production value gaming (even if just for an hour or so of ""mytime"")."
Had this since day one release and has played it every day since it's the greatest handheld system ever and that's coming from someone whose had every handheld since the gameboy color. The controls are absolutely amazing and the second analog stick really makes it feel like I'm using a dualshock controller but with a screen! The touch screen controls are precise except I will say the rear pad touch does need a little more precision but it is still an innovative tool. The 5 inch OLED screen is beautiful. This system takes all the good points of the psp and ups them. If you're a handheld gamer this is the device for you.
"I've had it for about a week now. You can probably see much longer more in depth reviews here about how giant and gorgeous the screen is, and how amazing the games look, and how sharp the controls are, but I just want to throw my vote in the pile saying that this is 100% a 5 star console. It's incredibly well made and I've been nothing but satisfied."
"After having the Vita for a few days and been able to play a variety of launch titles, I can give an honest opinion of it.  It's GREAT! The beautiful 5 inch OLED screen is a wonder to look at and the Vita itself fits great in my giant hands.  I'm truly amazed how they were able to fit so much into such a small device.  I'm hoping that if the launch titles are this good a the beginning, it's only going to get better.  If you've been pondering on whether or not to take the plunge and buy one, JUMP! You won't regret it.  FYI, this about the Wi-Fi only version.  I honestly don't see a logical purpose for purchasing the 3G version unless you like spending more than you have to."
