I own both the new Apple TV (1080P/2012) model and the Roku2 XS. I found myself doing a side by side comparison of the two products and here are my findings.
"This is an elegant and easy to use little box.  The interface is pretty, setup is dead simple (took less than 10 minutes from start to finish), and it's fairly intuitive to use.  The problem comes in that it doesn't serve a great deal of function, at least for me."
"With the release of Mountain Lion (OS X 10.8), the Mac has gained the ability to mirror screen content to the AppleTV. In my opinion, this flips the AppleTV from being a useful enough product to one whose flexibility and multitude of uses make it something you should own if you have any toehold into Apple's ecosystem. At home, I have two of these--both this model and the previous 720p capable device--which I use in the more or less traditional  mode of passive video watching coupled with daily use of Airplay to listen to podcasts or music streaming from my iPhone or iPad. At my last job, there was an AppleTV in the conference room, and employees could direct content to the big screen on the wall from their various Apple devices without the need of cabling up to a projector."
"As the title hints, our household is already well furnished with Apple products. And as it has been said in other reviews in this thread, it will be a much more positive user experience for people who have Mac computers, or iPad / iPhone / iTouch, for these last three can be used as remote controls with an excellent free app (""Remote"") from Apple."
"Quite frankly, the Apple TV is the most used consumer electronic device in our house, by far. Surprisingly even more than the TV, to which it is attached, because we stream music directly to it as well, without turning on the TV. It' almost always on, either playing music, showing photos or playing TV shows and movies. We have decided a few years ago that we switch all our electronic devices to Apple products because they can work together so seamlessly. The Apple TV is something like the window to everything Apple; this is the ultimate presentation device. It has access to all our devices and can play or display pretty much all the content we ever purchased/downloaded/created, straight on the big screen."
"I have had this incarnation of Steve Jobs hobby product since it went on the market. It has been an improvement over the past version mainly because it can display in 1080p rather than just 720p. For those uninitiated into the mathematic of pixels, 1080p offers twice the resolution of 720p. And that increase was why I added the new model to my home."
"Just like other reviews have said, the full utility of the Apple TV (aTV) really depends on whether you have already bought into the Apple eco-system or plan to in the future. To determine if the aTV would fit my family's needs, I did my research, but I had to search mutiliple websites to answer my questions. This review is aimed at providing all the information I wanted to know before I pulled the trigger on this purchase."
"I have a lot of movies on our family's Apple devices.  Being able to simply ""flick"" them to my tv is amazing!  I own last year's version and in one year I have never had a problem.  In fact it only gets better.  During parties I play all of my playlists while at the same time showing slideshows of my favorite photos, we are able to easily send web page videos, and home videos right to the tv so everyone can see.  Even my son's power point and imovies are instantly veiwable.  Netflix has been great for me and Apple's movie rental prices are almost always cheaper than the on demand HD prices from Verizion. Great product!"
"When I preordered my new iPad from Apple, I also got this to test the AirPlay. I read most of the reviews beforehand, and I was aware about all the shortcomings of ATV. My original thought was, even if I didn't like it, I can always jailbreak and install third party software on it."
Owning both a Roku and AppleTV I would say both things do certain things well. One of the reasons that AppleTV only gets a four star rating and not a five star rating is because I feel that with Apple's resources they should be well ahead of Roku.
"It's simple out of the box but be aware you will need to purchase HDMI and ethernet cables on your own.  This comes with power cord only.  Truly a plug and play device. One of the simplest, trouble free electronic devices I've ever utilized.  Plug in power. Plug in ethernet or connect wireless.  Run HDMI to TV or reciever. That's it.  The device will power itself up and walk you through a quick set up screen. It will be easier if you have created an iTunes account already. Updates will download w/in the first several minutes hooking it up."
"Highly recommend it. Air Play feature alone justifies the price.  This is what Apple is all about. I can even share my Mac (with advance preview of upcoming Mountain Lion OSX) screen on to the TV with a single click. Netflix is top notch too. The included new remote is definitely a huge improvement over the ""white acrylic"" that came with the first generation apple TVs. Still I am not a huge fan of it. With that said, who needs it any ways. when one can remotely control the Apple TV from my iPhone and iPad."
"I want to start this review by stating that I am not an Apple elitist. I prefer and love my PC so I will give my best unbiased review of the AppleTV. My reason for buying the AppleTV was three fold: (1) I wanted the ability to integrate my home theater system with my computer media (music, movies, and photos) both wired and wirelessly, (2) I wanted to project what I was doing on my iPad to my television for guests to see without having to look over one persons shoulder, and (3) I wanted to easiest user interface for both my family and guests to be able to use without needing assistance."
I have both Roku 2 XS and Apple TV.
Bought an Apple TV just to play around with and a bit because had grown very tired of my Samsung smart TV features crashing.
"I first bought a Roku 2 XS from Costco then returned it for the Apple TV. The reason that I needed a device like this was to stream Hulu, Netflix, and Amazon Prime for my wife and kids. We got rid of cable TV and decided to stick with over the air broadcast HD tv and internet streaming to save money. Here's why I decided to stick with the Apple TV."
I have an older Roku at home and bought an apple tv as I expected the same functionality as the old Roku along with the ability to control it with my iPad and iPhone. I was shocked although it will play Netflicks Apple has chosen not  not support Amazon instant video which is my personal favorite. I am not sure if they have excluded others but I immediately sent it back when I learned that. What was really frustrating was that the only was I learned this was by setting it up. I found nothing in the on line product specs or on the packaging that shared this lack of comparability . The documentation says it plays your favorites.
"I already have an iPad, Macbook Air, Macbook Pro and 2 iPhone-5s - the Apple TV compliments them perfectly.  I like that I can point the screensaver at my flickr stream and that my old apple remotes still work with this (not to mention the iPhone remote app).  Netflix and Hulu Plus work seamlessly (as expected) and we love streaming music from whatever device is currently connected.  Would recommend (and did already)."
"If you are going to use your tv as a monitor to watch online tv, THIS IS A MUST HAVE.  I haven't owned it long, but well worth the money.  My wife is now thinking about cancelling our TV service.  We spend $25 on TV now, we'd pay for the Apple TV is as little as 4 months.  I should state that I'm a PC lover.... but Apple is starting to win me over."
"About me, I'm a tech guy with 30 years experience.  Over the past 2 years I have heavily invested in the Apple Eco System.  I have IPods, an iPad 2, a 2012 Mac Mini, and now Apple TV (newest version).  It's been well stated that there is not a lot available for content outside of the Apple Eco System as compared to Roku, for example."
"The original Apple TV had a built-in hard drive.  You would buy media on your computer, and send it to the Apple TV as you would your iPod, iPhone, or iPad (other devices with hard drives) but wirelessly via your home Wi-Fi network.  Now, the Apple TV streams.  There's just enough storage on the device to hold buffer data, but the concept is that it streams the data.  Which means, the computer has to be on, and iTunes has to be open.  I think.  At least, that's the only way it works for me.  If the Internet goes down (problem with the ISP, cable cut, bad storm, whatever), you will have a tough time watching anything via the Apple TV."
"This is a must have accessory for anybody that has a Hi Def TV and iTunes on their computer. The simple ability to stream to my new Hi Def TV was reason alone to get this product and the ease of setup and use makes this the best $100.00 that I have spent for a long time.  OK, so I am a beginner to Mac products (I am a die-hard PC user) but I would not even begin to look for something negative to say. Sure, other more experienced persons might have wished for more but for me its GREAT."
"I'm a fan of many different Apple products, but I'm of the opinion that in recent years Apple has created one massively bad service (iTunes Match) and one not-so-functional product: the Apple TV 3."
"Other than that, it's yet another device you can watch Netflix on, or rent movies with. Having an MCE PC, and the fact that this thing has no additional apps, I feel like I wasted a hundred bucks."
"I purchased the newest AppleTV a week after canceling my DirecTV service. I was paying $90 a month for what was basically HD basic cable with a few extra channels thrown in, in one room with a DVR and now I'll never need to go back."
"The unit itself sets up very easily and the layout for Netflix is the best I have ever seen. However, Netflix and Hulu are about all this thing has to offer outside of what you purchase from Apple. Unless you have a giant iTunes collection I would recommend getting a Roku player instead because it has over 600 channels compared to around 10 on Apple TV."
"I was able to get the apple TV setup pretty quick, it did have problems reading my Wifi network and I called apple and they had a fix within 5 minutes.  Once I got it going the features work pretty well, the netflix is great but does cost $8 month.  I have had issues with some of the airplay features where I have to reset the apple TV and/or my iPad 2/Iphone 4s.  The mirror function only works in SD and i wish it was expanded to HD.  If you just want to play music and videos from iTunes or Netflix this device is great! I wish it had more apps like HBO Go."
Very easy to install and use. I can stream from the Internet onto my HD TV right from my iPad by turning on mirroring. You need to go to the online manual to learn how to use all the features though. The set up guide that is printed is really just for the basic setup.
"I have both the Roku and the Apple TV.  I use the Roku 95% of the time.  I mostly use my Apple TV to stream music from my macbook pro and that's about it.  The Roku let's me watch all the netflix content, hbo go, etc.  It will also do the slideshow like the apple tv does.  I can also buy rentals through Amazon.com vs the Apple TV.  Amazon prices seem a bit lower too."
This is a review of the
I cancelled my cable TV and bought an Apple TV. The best deal I made in recent times. Saved a lot of money and improved the quality of information I have access to.
"Like everything Apple makes, this device is lovely and elegant and intuitive to use. If you're content buying things from the iTunes store and streaming videos from its short list of approved partners, you will probably adore this device. I was really disappointed. And I will tell you why."
I bought the apple tv for my living room and bedroom so we could cut the cable cord but still have entertainment at our fingertips.
"This product is severely limited in capabilities compared to a Roku.  It has the two major streaming apps, Netflix and Hulu, but that is about it.  I would not even consider this if you rarely purchase or rent anything from the iTunes store.  I purchased it strictly as a subscription based streaming device and am utterly disappointed."
Was thinking there would be a lot more that cane done with device. Basically it is ITunes for your TV.
Absolutely amazing product!
I have two
