"I got the HTC One yesterday from ATT, and it has blown me away. As background, I have been an Android fan and my wife is an iPhone fan. I currently have the S3 and my wife has an iPhone 5. I was waiting for the S4, but upon researching HTC One (CNet has a good review and comparison), I did not want to wait for the S4, and I am very happy with the decision. Ironically, I came upon the HTC name because I was researching the S4, and saw that Samsung pled guilty to hiring students in Taiwan to write negative reviews about HTC One. Strange but true."
"Earlier this year, I jumped ship from Apple (the iPhone 5, specifically) to Samsung's Galaxy Note II. In the process, I also went from AT&T; to a rival carrier offering unlimited data and slightly lower monthly bills. While I liked the Note II very much, the data speeds on the other carrier were so poor that, only four months later, I found myself willing to eat the very large early termination fee and switch back to AT&T; (who I knew firsthand to have LTE in this market). Since I was switching carriers and had the option to get a new phone, I figured I might as well pick up the latest and greatest on the Android front. Plus it just happened to be release day."
"Yes I am that Apple fanboy who used to wait in every line when every iteration of the iPhone was released.  I have owned every iPhone from the very first one and have loved the design and software of every phone.  Only recently did I become seriously interested in Android based phones again because of the Galaxy S4 and all of its cool features like preview without touching the screen or eye tracking.  I have tried Android phones in the past as well as Windows 7 phones, and I never thought I would give them a shot again but Samsung's big marketing push peaked my interest."
******05/01/13 UPDATE*******
"This phone is phenomenal, I've had it for about two days now and let me tell you, the reviewers were not lying about this phone; it's fantastic! I've posted some pictures so you can see the phone up close and have an idea of what you're getting. For my review, I'll split it up into multiple paragraphs that relate to features of the phone."
"As the previous owner of the Galaxy S3, which up until recently was what many say was the best phone on the market, the HTC One makes all other phones seem outdated. If you are a avid news reader, sports fanatic, or social networker then the Blinkfeed home screen is for you. While many may find the Blinkfeed home screen a drawback because of not being able to remove it, it is very useful to have all of your updates for news, game scores, and social networks in one easily accessible place. The camera is by far the best camera in any phone I have owned. The front camera is incredible. Ever picture I have taken so far has been flawless. The speakers are loud and exactly what was described in the previews of this phone. If you have trouble hearing an alarm in the morning, this phone will definitely wake you up. This phone is available in 32gb and 64gb, if you use a lot of apps and put a lot of media in the phone,I recommend the 64gb. The HTC Sense Remote is my favorite feature on this phone. The set up takes only a few seconds and it works much better than my actual tv remote. The battery has lasted me two days without charge already. I constantly use the internet and text on this phone, with my Galaxy S3, the battery would die in a few hours. This phone is perfect for anyone on the go."
"This phone has been fantastic. I upgraded from the original Samsung Galaxy, and definitely wanted to get away from Samsung. My old Galaxy seemed to be exemplary of what you get from Samsung - a product that is initially great but quickly begins to slow down and wear out. My guess is that Samsung uses a lot of cheaper components in their phones, which makes them cheaper to manufacture and to satisfy demands. That might be great for the customer who wants to turn over their phone every year or so, but I like to stick with my tech for a while, at least until something significantly better comes around."
"I've had this phone for less than a week, but it's by far the best phone I've ever owned.  Between my wife and I, we've owned the Samsung Captivate (a.k.a Galaxy S 1), HTC Inspire 4G, and the HTC Vivid.  We're fans of HTC's Sense GUI."
"I purchased this phone last week after patiently waiting for GS4 to come out and checking out GS4 vs HTC One comparisons. This is not only a great phone (no doubt), but if you are a regular user that cares about entertainment, smooth experience, customization, awesome user experience, it is THE BEST phone you can currently buy in the market right now. Here are my pros and cons"
"I've owned the original Galaxy S (i897 - AT&T; variant), then the Galaxy SII (i777), and planned on getting the new Galaxy SIV.. But, after a solid week of research.. I had to go with the HTC One.."
"I was pretty skeptical about the HTC One at first. I've had various HTC devices over the years, some with appalling disappointments, others firing on all cylinders. I read the reviews for both this phone and other phones in competition with it and came away undecided. The new Samsung wasn't enough of an upgrade for me so I went for the One. I am so glad that I did."
"I've had my HTC One for about a month now and have waited to make a review until I had adequate time with the device incorporated into my daily routine. I wouldn't say that I am someone who uses their mobile device in a frenzied manner all day long, but I do use it quite often for basic stuff like texting, email, keeping track of my daily tasks through the calendar feature, using various apps for sports scores, facebook and the like, and a few gaming sessions here and there when time allows it."
"I recently upgraded from my HTC Inspire...  when I purchased that I made the mistake when getting that phone of getting a model below the newest phone because it was cheaper... but in 15 months it was nearly crippled by the lack of storage & slow processor.  For 6 months I have been looking at cell phones, I was stuck between the HTC One X+ & The Samsung Galaxy S3.  I am so glad I couldn't make up my mind because 2 days after I was eligible for an upgrade the HTC One was announced!  I was extremely excited by the specs and the new camera and honestly it hasn't disappointed.  There was a release delay which allowed me to compare it to the Galaxy S4 and I can same I am very happy with my choice.  I was able to pre-order my phone with AT&T; and get the $90 media link accessory for free."
"It came down to the Galaxy S4 or the HTC One, and I'm definitely glad I went with the HTC One. HTC truly outdid themselves with this phone, both in design and quality. I'm coming from an iPhone 3GS, but even if you're coming from an iPhone 5 or a Galaxy S4, this phone is impressive. I'm mainly comparing the HTC One against the iPhone 5 and the Galaxy S4, because I've had hands-on experience with both and also because I don't think any other phones even come close."
Had the phone for 3 weeks now.
"Is HTC on the verge a splashing comeback? HTC reminds me of Apple in mid 90s when they were struggling. People had ruled out HTC but they have come back with a bang! I upgraded one of my family phones to HTC One. I have a Galaxy Note 2, and recently used S4 for an extensive period. So at places I may compare with what I have experienced."
"This is phone is way more than I expected.  All of the reviews online are absolutely right when they say HTC is slowly coming back to life.  The screen is incredible, the speakers are loud and clear, and the operating system is buttery smooth.  Believe it or not I tried to NOT like this phone because I was also considering a Galaxy S4 which I was used to Samsung products and their ecosystem.  But after using it, and the S4 together, this is the phone I'll be keeping.  I own a Macbook, and before, HTC's software was terrible when trying to connect to transfer files to my phone.  Sometimes, the computer wouldn't even recognize it was connected.  Now, the software is much better and smoother than before.  Dare I say smoother than iTunes.....almost, but with a couple of upgrades it'll be right there.  I use it in the gym and I have no problems with it in a case and holster on my hip.  The headphones that come with it are a similar to the Beats headphones earlier HTC phones used to come with.  Heavy on the low end with decent mids and highs.  They even look like Beats with the flat tangle free cable.  I was concerned about the battery at first, but after a couple of charge cycles it's not an issue.  I easily get through  the day with moderate usage.  It seems the batter gets better as it ""warms up"" after a couple of cycles.  I only have two issues with the phone overall.  Occasionally, when using bluetooth you can hear a crackle or two when playing music.  I can probably blame that on the beats mode software installed.  Easily fixed by turning it off, but you do lose some volume.  The other issue, which is not really an issue, is the screen is extremely bright.  It could be adjusted in the settings but I checked my phone in the movie theatre and almost couldn't see and almost lit up the whole row......lol."
"Finally an Android phone with all of the Apple polish.  If you care about design and look and feel, you don't have any other choice, this is the phone to get, so you can stop reading right there.  If you don't care about design and are wondering what things make this phone really unique compared to the Samsung Galaxy 4:"
"Actually, it took me over a week to really feel attached to this phone! At first I didn't want this phone and wanted the s4, but the plastic on the s4 looked tacky against the gorgeous aluminum of the One. I also wasn't sold on the ultrapixel camera, but since my phone was on it's last gasping breath of air I decided to get this phone. It also helped that my sis really wants this phone so I could always give it to her."
"This phone is how phones should be designed. period. It is rock solid and feels like a true premium device in hand. You can instantly tell that there was blood sweat and tears put into every inch of this phone. While I've always disliked sense and rooted my phones to put stock android on my past HTC phone's ( EVO 4G, One X) I'm going to keep sense on this phone. The main reasons is that blinkfeed is very useful, once you sync your favorites and put your interests in the news it brings up is tailored to you. The best example of this was in tonight's NFL draft I had an updated feed on whom my favorite NFL team had drafted when I unlocked my phone."
"I had an Iphone 5 (company issued) and I just bought the HTC one, and have an opportunity to compare both side by side, here is my personal impressions:"
What's one more 5 star review for a phone so excellent?
"What is there to say about this phone? If I just write about it, I'm just going to ramble on and on. So to save everyone some grief, here are bullet points (my direct comparisons are to the iPhone 5, Samsung Galaxy S3 and Note 2, but mainly to the Galaxy S4):"
"Pros:  very fast, customizable, beautiful screen, plenty of memory for my use, battery life"
This is by far the best phone I have ever owned and I've had some pretty good ones. I upgraded after last year's One X and this one improves on that one in every area. It's the most solid and best phone on the market and the one software feature that worried me the most (the Blinkfeed) is actually one of my favorite features on this phone. HTC has done a superb job distancing themselves from some of their past failures.
The camera is great just maybe if it was 8 ultrapixels it woulda been perfect and the ability to remove Blinkfeed  would have  been nice too. Other than all of that the phone is perfect.
Been using the phone for more than a month now.
"Disclaimer: this is a review for the T-Mobile version, but since the phones are nearly identical (and there's no separate T-Mobile model listing), I'm posting a review on the AT&T; version."
"This is phone is so beautiful that I am in love with it! Its difficult to beat this phone in any department. Exterior design is very sexy and very sharp. Screen is awesome. Audio quality is perhaps best in any phone. If you use your phone for entertainment majority of the time, this the phone for you. HTC did good job with Sense 5. Its pretty intuitive. I also like the TV app, that lets you control your TV and reminds you of your favorite programs. Overall a great great phone! True companion. Coming from iPhone, I found this phone to be slightly larger in size than I am used to but I am beginning to appreciate the advantages of larger size. HTC One still feels comfortable in hands. I don't regret a bit moving from iPhone to this phone. Do yourself a favor. Go and buy one. You will not be disappointed."
guys the build quality on this phone is just unbelievable! The unibody aluminum design makes this phone feel like a true technological acheivement of our time. The specs on this thing back those claims up. All in all i would seriously recommend this phone to the serious gamer or the average adult!
"Great phone, love it.  Tried both HTC one and SG 4.  For the online shopper, you have to go to store to try to hold it first.  Totally different feel."
"I have been (and still am) a huge fanboy of HTC, and have been a fan as long as I can remember. HTC sometimes makes disappointing throwaway phones, but when it comes to flagship phones like the HTC One, they really give it their all. When I found out about this one, I knew I had to have it. The specs were exactly what I wanted, and the tradeoffs and sacrifices were balanced out by the advantages greatly. It was the phone I wanted."
"This is an amazing phone- software runs without any lag, the screen is crisp and bright and the sound must be experienced to be believed.  The camera takes better low light photos without a flash than most take with a flash.  The flash also works well, and the included picture editing software works well and rapidly on the phone.  Absolutely everyone that sees it is amazed by the build quality- most Apple fans instantly assume it is the latest from Apple.  This is a piece of equipment that looks like it is worth the several hundred dollars it would cost without a carrier subsidy.  Unlike many other people, I am not impressed by Blinkfeed- in fact I hate it.  There should be an option to turn it off- which there is not- but fortunately you can banish it by installing another launcher (I used the excellent Nova Launcher) and customize to your heart's content. BTW on customization- there is an option to disable applicattions in the applications setting- meaning you can banish carrier bloatware from your app drawer.  (It is still on the hpone, but hidden and not running) The signature clock widget of HTC and their weather widget wallpaper and lock screeen are elegant and functional.  I did find that the selection of colors for the keyboard (black with a lighter grey for the shift/alt keys) did not provide enough contrast for me to see well, so I installed a 3rd party keyboard and predictive text program as well (Touchpal Keyboard which has many themes & colors allowing for high visibility in the keyboard.  The phone comes with a well thought out car application that provides for safe operation in a vehicle- calls are announced, texts are read and voice control is included. If HTC just allowed Blinkfeed to be banished as well I would say this phone approached perfection."
I've had this phone for a little over a month now. This thing is awesome.
"May 16, 2013 Comment:  After some rumors from VZN on having the One, the phone that they are introducing next week is the Nokia 928, a device that seemed great last year (ATTs-920) but Big Red still does not have any official word on the One availability which is the NOW PHONE.  And just 48 hours ago, Samsung acknowledged that their only available version of the Galaxy S-4 (in 16 GB) was been questioned as their MSD card did not allowed installation of Applications on it, so consumers were running short of memory and devices having lag in performance."
"Totally exceeded my expectations. It's light, super fast, has great battery life so far, and always works. So far I have zero complaints. With moderately to light usage and the battery saver mode on I can get almost three days on a charge. Right now I'm at 43% battery life going on 1 day and 16 hours since the last charge.  4.7 inch seems like a good size too, It can still fit in my pant pockets though some are a little awkward."
"I posted this review on the international version of this phone before the ATT version became available, but since my HTC One version is the ATT, I decided to post it here with a few modifications. I have also added pictures taken with the HTC One to the image gallery:"
Background
"In many ways, this is the ""MacBook Pro with Retina Display"" of smartphones. Precision CNC machined aluminum unibody? check. Absurdly high resolution + high quality display? check. All of this backed up with amazing processing power (though that's not true of the 13"" MBP+RD, but I digress) which makes for a smooth and engaging user experience."
I was a happy BlackBerry Bold user for years until my IT group announced they would stop supporting and I had to go shopping.
"If you are reading this, chances are that you have heard about the galaxy s4 and that it is a very real possibility for your next phone. I will go in depth into the features of this phone and I will compare it to the S4."
"I have owned every iPhone with the exception being the 3GS. I was waiting for a phone to come out on the Android platform that warranted my attention, and the One was able to sway me to try it out. I am quite happy that I switched. Although iOS is 'stable', the Android OS has become pretty polished, and this phone handles multitasking like a beast. Aesthetically it is more impressive of a design than my iPhone 5 was, but most of all I absolutely love the Super LCD3 screen. The blacks looks amazing, and the color saturation is phenomenal. Make no mistake, this is the best phone on the market, period. The S4 will be great but it is lacking immersive sound reproduction along with exquisite materials. If HTC can market this phone right it deserves to outsell anything else on the market. The iPhone 5S will probably have a quad core in it, but essentially the screen is staying at 4 inches, and really will not offer anything to make me miss having an iPhone. Since most of the apps that I use on a daily basis are available on Android, the switch was pain-free. HTC also has the sync software designed to transfer information over from your iPhone to the One, along with other manufacturer phones."
"The HTC One combines sleek aluminum good looks with high quality plastic trim, to make it one sharp looking smartphone. Turning it on, I was blown away by its crystal clear full HD images that were a joy to behold."
"Ah HTC - in the early 2000's, all the really good phones came from HTC. Phones with slider keyboards, WiFi AND Bluetooth (yes, that was special once), music players, SD card slots - you name it, HTC made it popular."
"What is there to say about this phone? If I just write about it, I'm just going to ramble on and on. So to save everyone some grief, here are bullet points (my direct comparisons are to the iPhone 5, Samsung Galaxy S3 and Note 2, but mainly to the Galaxy S4):"
[---Quick Summary---]
"Fast, looks good, wows people whenever I whip it out. Those speakers really do come in handy. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone."
"The HTC One is one of the newest flagship Android phones to hit the market and aims to compete directly with the Galaxy S4.  Like the S4, the HTC One offers a large 1080p screen, a fast quad-core processor, long battery life and more.  However the HTC One does set itself apart from (and above) other phones in several significant ways.  Overall,  the HTC One is the most attractive and responsive phone on the market with an impressive screen, speakers and battery life."
HTC One is the best phone right now.  Period.
"Disclaimer: I was an early adopter of HTC Evo. I prefer Android over iOS, therefore the iPhone 5 was not a contender."
I just wish this phone had a replaceable battery in it and a SD card Expendables slot.other than that the phone is made solid it works great and has great features.
"I am so happy I picked this phone over the samsung s4. I am finding out about new features each day, and the battery life is excellent. It lasts all day and I don't need a charge throughout. (I take my phone off the charger at 6, and by 5 it is on 50% after usage with sync, browsing the internet, and playing with apps)"
"Powerful performance, beautiful hardware, and the software experience make this the best phone out there. The Ultrapixel camera isn't some marketing gimmick; the HTC One takes really nice pictures (just don't expect to zoom in). After a few weeks with beats audio and Boomsound, I can't imagine buying a phone without them. Zoes are cool, but I don't find myself using them much. Blinkfeed isn't a full rss reader, and doesn't support G+, so I find it lacking. The phone is very easy to root. Decent battery, gets through the day (but not always the night). Pretty durable."
"I have had my HTC 1 for a month now, great phone. Better then my wife's S4. Especially since it was over $60 bucks cheaper then her S4. Call Clarity is great. music with beats audio sounds great(Rap and Hip Hop sound best). Even came with beats headset. The S4 bests the 1 in signal strength, and screen size."
Upgraded from Nexus S and am pleasantly surprised.
"I've had this phone for about over a month now. it simply has to be one of the best smartphones that I have ever owned! I've owned quite a few ( droid x, iPhone 3g, galaxy nexus, HTC diamond etc). the HTC one trumps em all by way of industrial design, screen clarity, sound, performance, and battery life."
"I have finally upgraded to a smart phone after several years of holding out.  Let me just say i read a lot of reviews and i picked the htc one because of the display, the beats audio, and the quality craftsmanship.  I bought the htc one for myself and i bought the Samsung galaxy s4 for my daughter as a graduation present.  Hands down the htc one takes the cake.  It's just so sleek and well made I just can't say enough good things about it.  The s4 is a great phone in its own right but overall I'm very happy with my purchase.  One thing of note is you get 32gb of storage space on the htc one and you only get 16mg for the base model s4.  You can not store apps on an sd card so I thought the htc was a better buy.  I'll tell you flat out the only draw backs the htc one. The battery is not removable and the phone does not have a micro sd slot.  Otherwise it's the best smart phone out ther right now."
"The phone is great overall. Its smart, fast, and easy to use. The camera and features are awesome as well. The battery last long. It was somewhat complex to use at first. Once you get the hang of it you will like it just as much as I do. The beat audio feature is great and magnifies the sound. No complaints."
"I have had HTC phones going back almost 10 years, and this is the best one yet, in terms of speed, battery life, sound quality, camera, and size.  As an actual phone, it works good too!  I have had it about a month now, and I cannot think of anything related to the hardware that I do not like.  The screen and sound are crystal clear.  I have yet to see any lagginess in the processor.  My last phone was the EVO 3D, and it would bog down, especially in a web browser. Not the HTC One."
"The HTC One excels in both specifications and design. I've had the phone for a little over a month now, and can truly say it's the best handset made to date. The overall pyramid design makes the phone sit comfortably in the hand with now sharp edges to cause discomfort. The screen size is just right at 4.7"". It was a little weird having only 2 capacitive buttons available, but it really didn't take long to get used to. I got the phone first thing in the morning, and was already accustomed to the change by lunch time."
Here are my impressions of the phone (I currently own and iPhone 5).
"The HTC One (M7) is a blazingly fast, well-built device that can function for the techno-novice and hardcore geek alike. Beginning with a recent version of the Android OS 4.1.2. Jelly Bean (no not the bleeding edge latest version, HTC needs to make sure its software is stable before rolling out). The great OS is backed up by fantastic hardware which HTC has been known for in the past: Quad core processors, independent GPU (for high end and demanding graphics processes), LTE cellular speeds, and a dual band, Wi-Fi a, b, g, n, and a/c antenna make for blazing Wi-Fi performance."
"The first compliment I'd like to pay the HTC One is the screen.  It's flat out georgeous.  I actually like it much better than my iPhone 5 screen.  It's bright, clear, razor sharp and large.  I also like the screen size. The phone is as large as the Galaxy S3 but due to the body design, doesn't feel like it. In fact, it only feels slightly larger than my iPhone 5 does in its case. The metal body gives the HTC One a high quality feel that I haven't felt on an Android device since my original Motorola Droid's metal body.  Although I'm not drinking the Beats Kool Aid (I have Beats on everything from laptops to phones and I am yet to be blown away) the speakers are very good.  Sounds are loud and crisp. This is honestly the first phone that I actually enjoy listening to music through the external speakers.  Data performance is also very good. Web pages load quickly and social teleconferencing apps like Skype work very well over a good connection.  Unfortunately, as a Sprint business subscriber, I know firsthand that data performance is only as good as the network its on but when connected to fast LTE or wifi, the One performs great.  I really like the new HTC custom interface.  Live feed tiles provide the latest news, sports, weather or whatever you customize it to feed.  A quick swipe of a finger gets you back to the main home screen if you wish.  Android Jellybean coupled with the new HTC Sense interface is fluid and smooth.  Screens swipe and apps launch with absolutely no lag whatsoever.  It really makes my previous Android phones feel like ancient relics.  Speaking of performance, the HTC One is easily the fastest Android phone I have ever used. From games to regular apps, the HTC One never disappointed.  Lastly is the camera.  The still camera is very nice.  It takes sharp vibrant stils.  Video is about the only lackluster feature that I've experienced with the One.  It seems out of focus at times and not quite as nice as video from other smartphones like my iPhone 5.  It's still okay quality but a little disappointing given how this phone excels in all other areas including still photos.  Another minor issue is that it's ridiculously easy to inadvertently shoot photos or videos in camera mode.  I took what I thought were three photos and two videos but when I downloaded them to my PC, it turned out to be twenty-two photos and three videos.  So the shutter button takes a little getting accustomed to."
I'd like for everyone to know I LOVE this phone.  It's so amazingly responsive and it's a HUGE jump from my EVO 3D.  I almost gave up on the HTC after the 3D but decided to get this phone because of all the reviews.  I'd like to talk about the PROS and CONS as I saw and experienced it.
Well Well Well...
My review is focused on the hardware feel & experience and for those who have considered moving from iOS to Android but haven't found a handset of high enough quality to try.
"Well this phone is like her. Everything is as perfect and beautiful as Bo Derek running down a Mexican beach half naked in Dudley Moore's imagination. Why no perfect 10? She spoiled perfection when she opened her mouth and dropped the F-bomb. No SD Card slot is really the only disappointment and the F-bomb for me. (What the frick HTC, what were you thinking?) so dropping a star, no perfect 10 for that. I was also disappointed at no hdmi slot, but I found a great micro usb to hdmi cable for $11 here on Amazon that works great! Battery is built in, but not a huge deal for me and it holds a charge MUCH better than my old evo4g. Display is Amazing. UI is good, I actually like Blink feed.Sound is incredible with beats and boomsound. Camera is good, unless you are Ansel Adams and want to blow up shots to large sizes. Low light is amazing on camera. Video is very good. Plays games like a console with quad-core cpu/gpu. What else...oh yeah J have even used this for phone calls! Works great!"
"I'll start with my journey to purchase this phone. I order from Amazon on the Saturday before Memorial Day with my receive date to be the following Tuesday. Sure enough the UPS driver showed up at my office with what I thought would be my new phone. A quick visual scan of the box showed a piece of packing tape across the box flap, OH CRAP! I open the box with the standard pull tab on most Amazon boxes as it still appeared sealed even though there was tape on it. I look inside and sure enough, no phone. However, there were three educational pamphlets. One about elephants, tomatoes, and butterflies. At least the wonderful UPS person whom stole my phone was kind enough to leave me these. My daughter will love them! Ugh..."
"The HTC One is an amazing, beautiful phone. It's gorgeous, well-made, and well thought out... everything a smart phone should be and more."
"If you are still on the fence as to whether or not to choose the HTC One over the Samsung Galaxy S4 then I'm just going to give you MHO. The One is FAST and I mean like out of the box there are no lags, no bugs, no stuttering just speed. I bought it on the launch date and there are moments its faster than me, which is great. HTC isn't just trying to sell you with terms like ""BoomSound"" they mean it. The speakers on this phone are LOUD!And really loud is the wrong term. They really do have a great balance of treble bass percussion and melody. It's a rich sound coming from the speakers and it's great for conference calls as well. I love the Ultrapixels on this phone. Also the Zoe Highlights is something a lot of people will use. It's a great snapshot of a day out with your friends, a birthday party, or a night of dancing! The battery is great I easily make it through 15-18hrs before I need to charge. This is a great phone and it's so fast and smooth and it's sexy as hell. Take a serious look at this phone because it's worth it."
