"I bought this little item a month back when I decided I needed more cards for my Jetbook. I've read reviews that it tore etc, and all I can say is, you may have been trying to shove too much into this. The plastic sleeves are the same as what your picture holders in a wallet are made of, and is actually pretty strong. I have mini SDs in their holders, and several 256 cards with my books on them. Nothing has ripped and it holds 16 cards very neatly. But it will NOT fit anything larger than a SD card. No CF cards or anything like that. So, if its used as it is meant to be, this is actually one heck of a deal."
Very nice memory card carrying case.  Size is approximately 2x4 with padding on both sides of case.  Zipper and stitching very durable.  Comes with 12 slots to fit SD or SDHC (I have 8GB cards) and also comes with 8 slots to fit larger cards.  Plastic/vinyl material for slotted insert reminds me of a wallet photo insert.
I use a lot of SD cards and thought I would try carrying them in one neat little case.  This is a good idea except that it is made of very inferior materials.  The first SD card that I inserted ripped the thin vinyl pouch right down the side.  The slots are three different sizes so if you use only one card type as I do then you can only utilize one third of the case.  Cheap price? Yea.  You get what you pay for.
"I wanted this case because it looked nice, would hold a lot of cards and would be something handy to have on my vacation.  So far, it's exactly what I needed.  I read some reviews about the plastic tearing, but I had no problems with it.  Maybe it was a problem they resolved by using stronger stuff, because mine seems to be very sturdy."
"I use very many SD cards for photography and so far this is my fave card holder. The pockets are clear so there is no guessing which card I am pulling out. The pockets are also a nice size, I don't find myself ""fishing"" them out after they have slid to the bottom of a one size fits all style case. The case is durable and attractive as well."
"I read the other reviews and bought one anyways. It is pretty good for the price, but the plastic pages are about like the ones in a wallet to hold your pictures. I didnt have any tear, but I was much more satisfied with the pelican memory card holder case that I bought, but it was more money, but was worth it."
"I only saw one one star review for this item, but since I thought the idea was so neat I decided to try my money on it.  I purchased it and it came in the mail promptly."
"It was hard for me to find a simple carrying case that wasn't outrageously expensive.  This fits the bill.  I have memory cards for my computer, camera and my video camera.  This keeps them together nicely."
"I read all the reviews and still bought one. Could tell by the price and reviews that it would be poorly made, but i thought it would still be functional. Every time I try to zip it the zipper busts open in two or three places.... and i find myself laughing and shaking my head.  Would be more satisfied if i got poked in the eye with a sharp object."
I was looking for a way to organize/store my memory cards until I found this wallet which I didn't hesitate to order.
"A point worth noting is that while the case is shown holding SD cards, only half of it is for that format, the other half, with pockets 43 millimeters wide, is for some other format of memory cards."
"If you want something simple, cheap and compact to carry flash cards, then this fits the bill. We've even managed to put some spare batteries for our Sony camera in this."
"I'll start by saying that I think this case looks really nice.  It is also constructed really well, and it has quite a lot of storage space.  But the purpose of this case, the actual storing of memory cards, well, in my book it fails!  Yes it will hold them, any size you place in there, pretty much, but the problem I have is, it doesn't hold them securely.  They fit snugly when you first place them in any of the slots, I'm referencing Micro SD, SD, CF, Mini SD,  but after they have been placed in there, they fall all over the place."
"I really like this little carrying case. The pockets are only big enough for the SD cards themselves.  If you are looking for a case where you can keep the SD cards in their plastic protective covers this isn't the case for you.  But, if that's not important than this case is great for being able to carrying a lot of cards.  I do a lot of photography and this case carries 18 SD cards."
"All of my cards fit. There are pockets for the cards without the plastic case supplied when a card is purchased and pockets for cards with the plastic case. Unlike what some reviews state concerning cards falling out, I have not experience this. My cards remain snug. I highly recommend this case."
"Vinyl sleeves are so thin that you'll likely tear them before ever successfully inserting a memory card. Outer case and zipper are quite thin and poorly constructed as well. Save your money folks and put it towards a nice case logic carrying case. A few dollars, more, but well worth it. I'll use this as a business card case if it doesn't fall apart before I get them in."
"Bought this item many months ago from Amazon with the intention to use this during Travel. Unfortunately, never been able to use this. The main flaw (and perhaps the main reason why not to buy this) is that the sim cards do not stay in the slots, due to slippery and loose materials. By the time one would open the case, it is highly likely the sims would come out and drop on the floor. Not recommended for travelers at all."
the picture appears to be much better than the actual product. i can't believe i paid over 5 bucks for this product. i will use it but it's really not worth the money.
Item is cheap and doesn't look like picture. What I recieved didn't look like the picture. My case doesn't have a zipper or the nice dividers. The case I recieved has cheap dividers and a snap to close the case in all it was a total waste of money!!!!!
"This is a great organizer for all my Memory Cards, so that they are not floating all over the top drawer of my desk. Keeps them save and away from any type of magnets. I love it."
"I bought this item a couple weeks ago and it still has not shipped yet. Very bad service. Everytime I check it says not shipped yet, why there is no reason. It is in stock..very disappointed"
"I bought this little case so that I can keep SD cards for my tablet organized and easily take them with me.  The case is made of black nylon and it's about 4.5 inches wide by 2.5 inches long.  With 7 cards in it so far, it's just under one half inch thick.  The case closes with a well-made zipper and the build quality appears good -- no loose threads or other issues so far."
First the title of this item should be revised. It says memory card holder but with the exception of 2 cf size sleeves it will only hold SD cards or 2 smaller sized plastic cases that are used to hold SDHC or micro SDHC memory cards. I should have read the reviews on this item but at a price of $5.00 I decided to try this little carrying case. The plastic inserts are very similar to the ones that you use to hold pictures in a wallet. Also most of the slots hold SD cards fairly loose so be careful when you open this anywhere. Since the slots are made of thin plastic I suspect that they will wear with age. Still it does what it is design to do and I see they have lowered the price to about $2.00. Not sure that includes free shipping as it did when I first purchase it but it should. My guess is that you may soon see these popping up at dollar stores or clearance racks in some shopping stores.
"When I first opened the item, I thought there was some kind of mistake.  This thing is so cheap!  For $7.00?  Are you kidding?  The image in the description is a bit deceiving.  (It looks nicer than it is.)"
"This memory card carrying case is fantastic,it provides a safe and secure way of carrying computer memory cards--I purchased it to carry my psp memory cards since I have several of them. The case is water proof and durable,and very small,so you can transport it in your pocket easily. Anyone who has more than one memory card should purhase this case. The plastic pages inside contain pouches that will hold larger cards also. Finally,it was priced really well. Highly recommended."
Holds all my chips for camera- wish had compartments for batteries too but that would make life too simple!
"This little case has made the organization of memory cards for both of my cameras easy and convenient! I have 2 cameras and it holds both of the memory cards, as well as the converter that is needed for my Cybershot. It's small and compact to fit easily into the pocket of my camera case and it is durable to withstand dropping. The zipper is strong enough to not have it 'accidentally' work its way open and the cards to fall out."
"It was defective, the zipper was borken so I sent it back. If the zipper wasn't broken, I'd think it is... better than nothing."
"Great concept-memories at your fingertips-but less than spectacular presentation. The compact size of the holder does allow for easy mobility, but the lack of sturdy stitching indicates this is not a holder that would last a long time. The interior, containing eight plastic sheets each with three individual sections, was held in place by two prong-type tacks that looked as though they would fall apart fairly easily. This would be a good temporary holder for carrying pictures from one place to another, but probably not for permanent storage of family memories. Amazon was quick with delivery and certainly the price was right,but as the old saying goes,""You get what you pay for."""
"This handy convenient memory card case is well made and has 8 plastic sleeve pages, with individual pockets for various sized memory cards. You can carry alot of memory cards in this small case.  I recommend this item.  Shipped fast too."
"This is an excellent portable case for memory cards of different sizes. It is very small, compact and useful."
"This little wallet is a great idea, though I don't think it was implemented as well as it could have been. It IS a compact memory card carrier. The picture makes it look like it's perfect for a bunch of MMC/SD cards. The pockets are not all perfectly sized for MMC/SD cards, some are bigger for other memory types, and some seem not quite perfect for MMC/SD cards."
"Not the best quality.  Zipper was broken right out of package.  Will keep it, though.  Not something I will be going into very often."
"Not worth the money, even tho it was pretty cheap. Hard to access the cards, and when you do the plastic rips. Also the zipper to close it broke the first day,"
"Before I was constantly having difficulty keeping up with my SD cards or carrying them around without damaging them. That was before I found this lil' gem of course! I Love this item! It is so helpful to be able to carry around all of my SD cards safely, & I have plenty of room for more!"
Did not realize that most of the pockets fit only the memory card and not the case it comes in.  Pockets ripped almost as soon as I started to use it.  Have not used it since.  Do not feel cards are well protected.
Arrival time was good. Unfortunately very cheaply made. That's why they are only 6.99. You get what you pay for. I would not recommend this product.
I bought this to hold all my family photos I have installed on 2GB SD cards. It is very compact and easy to carry. I do have a little trouble with installing and removing the cards because it is so small.
Just meh.  Much smaller then I expected.  Zipper is cheap and I expect to have trouble with it in the future.  Binding prevents it from opening too wide and makes it stiff.  Holds the cards in very well tho and is priced just right.
