"I brought this phone in december, when i realized there might a confusion between locked to AT&T; or Factory Unlocked. I contacted the provider and they did say it is locked to AT&T;, at that time the phone was selling for $ 649. Despite I sent it with package unopened, they cut off $30.00 on the refund, I really disappointed. Please note I paid for both shippings (sent and returned)."
"I entered the smartphone world back in 2008 staring with the Apple iPhone 3G.  Coming over from my old Sprint flip-phone, the iPhone 3G was a major upgrade and blew my mind with how much it could do.  It was amazing that cell phones had advanced into a sort of mini-PC."
"The model sent was NOT MD237LL/A, and locked to AT&T.;"
"Buying directly from Appleor an Apple retail store (NOT Best Buy or anywhere else) is the ONLY way to get an unlocked iphone, and even then, it will only work with at&t; or T-Mobile (GSM networks only)."
"I purchased the iPhone 4S last November with my hard earned McDonald's paychecks. I was ecstatic to open the box of the most raved about smartphone of this generation. Not only is the iPhone a great phone, but it has become a status symbol of our time."
Awesome product! :) it works really well :D it was just a little too expensive but it was worth it :)
"I finally made the transition to the Apple iPhone 4S after over two years of a few highs and countless lows with an old Motorola Droid (model A855), which now serves as a paper weight.  I'll make this short and sweet."
"I bought this phone hoping to use it for a long time. After two month of using it got blocked. Took it to THREE repairers! None of them could unblock it, they said the phone was locked to Sprint and best thing to do is to return it to the seller. So I filed the claim through Amazon. Amazon told me its too late so just keep the product! Hey I paid $600 for the phone! $600! Throw $600 to GARBAGE! It was a good lesson. I AM NOT BUYING PHONES FROM AMAZON FROM NOW ON, IF I WANNA THROW SOME MORE MONEY AWAY, AM GONNA DO IT DIRECTLY WITHOUT OF HELP OF AMAZON"
"I Apple iPhone 4S 16GB (White)  from Amazon. When I took to get new phone number they said, it ia stolen from somebody."
"Amazing Phone!  Much faster than my old iphone 4.  Siri is useful sometimes, but other times it feels gimmicky.  Love it!"
The ASIN: B005SSB0YO  is for Model: MD237LL/A which is to my best knowledge for the Unlocked White 16GB US version of the Iphone 4S. (Google web search confirms) Amazon recommendations also provided a link to this listing as unlocked. I see the product description says locked to AT&T; now? but as the ASIN: should be unique to a specific model it cannot be locked....  Is their any one that can correct me on the model MD237LL/A being locked to AT&T;
"I bought an iPhone 4s and after 3 months the audio jack failed. I called Apple and they said I needed to pay them $500 for them to send me a replacement which they would refund after they received my phone. I was not willing to let them hold my money hostage for an expensive item that I already paid for and was under warranty. They said I could walk into any store and they would exchange it for me. I live more than 300 miles from the nearest Apple store but was taking a trip near one so I dropped by the Walnut Creek store in California. Once I arrived I was told that no you can't just drop by and must have an appointment. I explained that I was from out of town and that Apple support told me to just drop by, I have an open case number and won't be around for long. They refused to exchange my phone and said they could give me an appointment in a few days. My expensive Apple iPhone 4s is broken and I can not exchange it. Thanks Apple. I will make sure that I never purchase another Apple product, customer support and service is horrible. You make enough money and should repair or replace a product I paid for and is under warranty. Buy a Droid instead."
"Well, I just got this phone and returned the Samsung Transform. It was super slow, and you can even look at my review. The iPhone is incredible! It has Siri, fast messaging (SMS), and it is lightning fast. I love how you can treat it as a phone and an iPod, because when I had an iPod Touch, I thought it would be a wonderful idea to have a phone that is like an iPod, and boom. Wonderful, once again."
"With out indicating whether it's locked or unlocked, I guess it is a locked phone, right? Please let me know if it's unlocked."
"This is the third smartphone I have owned, and the first one I have genuinely loved. From the first moment to now I love this phone. This is rare for me. The first smartphone I owned was the Palm Pixi, and it did not live up to the hype. It was fragile (not to say that the iPhone isn't, because by all means it is very fragile), came apart easily, and after less than 6 months, it was rendered almost unusable. When it came time for an update, I decided that even though my family would be taking the iPhone route, I was not an Apple Fanboy, and I would give Android a try. I got what was supposed to be the best smartphone ""in the world"", but ended up being a mistake, the Motorola Atrix. It worked well, there is no denying, but the screen was plasticky and almost couldn't be used without the constant turn off, and turn back on, to make sure that no random contact would get a text from me that would read: hfdhafjkadjkfaj;sdfjasdfjd  djfakldfjadjklfasd. Not to mention the battery life was not the greatest, it took forever to charge, and the phone itself took a long time to learn. Suffice it to say that after one long year with the phone I decided I would go against all my ethics, slip out of my contract, and spend an arm and a leg for a cellphone that I was not even sure if I would like. I was by no means an Apple Fanboy, but I had high hopes for this phone, and it has surpassed them and more. It is fast, it is built well, it is a seamless learning process to get used to it, the messaging app is crisp and clean, the visual voice mail and the calling app in general are great, there are tons of well designed apps, the screen is crystal clear, the music application far surpasses most Android phones (including my old cellphone), and it has a reputation of high-quality, long lasting products to back it. Yes, it is expensive, but it is very worth it. If you want a phone that feels well built, and solid, and will perform well, I assure you that this one does not disappoint."
