"So I took the plunge and finally upgraded my bedroom TV to a Flat Panel Samsung LED 720p 32"" (Model UN32EH4003). I bought it during the Black Friday time frame directly from Amazon for $247.99 (Free Shipping, 14-Day Price Guarantee).  I went in knowing that I was buying the cheapest 32"" Samsung Flat Panel that you could buy and knew that I wasn't getting every bell and whistle, which is fine with me.  My goal for this TV is to use it as a bedroom TV with a Verizon FIOS cable box and a media player (Ethernet connected, not WiFi) and watch it from about 8 feet away.  No gaming, minimal DVD, etc.  That's basically it."
This is a really sweet Samsung HDTV for the price. The first one I bought at Walmart for $298 was on Sept. 4th. That one had some LED backlight bleed on the bottom center of it. Like a white cloud around 4 or 5 inches long. So I took it back and returned it and went to another Walmart to purchase another one. No noticeable backlight bleed on this one.
"In a nutshell:  Good, sexy, small TV marred by crap refresh rate.  Good for movies, not so for actions or games."
"We purchased this TV last Saturday and it's going back today.  The sound is tinny and you can't turn it up very much.  I thought it would not be a problem, I've had speakers hooked up to previous TV's.  BUT there is no way to hook external speakers up with this TV.  I like a good full sound with my programs, and I can't get it with this TV.  The picture is good, just crappy sound."
"bought for the master bedroom, performs great. Picture quality matches my Samsung 8000. This is not"
Using it in my bedroom. Very happy with sound and picture. Easy set up! A+ + + + + + +
Just ordered this TV for my mother-in-law on Saturday for the holidays.
"A few years ago, my first HDTV was a Samsung 22"" LCD TV (model: LN22A450). It served me fairly well, but still felt a bit too small for its room. Since then, I've kept my eye on 32"" TVs but never found the price and quality to line up just right to replace what was still a perfectly good TV, until I came across this Samsung 32EH4003. I first noticed it in the time leading up to ""Black Friday"" sales for 2012, and then noticed that The Wirecutter had labeled it as the ""Best Small TV"". Taking advantage of some good pricing and confidence in the reviews, I decided it was time to move my 22"" TV to the bedroom and buy this as my main TV."
"I'm not going to argue whether I've rated this correctly or not. In my opinion the reviews are meant to be informative and when I took a quick look at this models average 4 star rating before purchasing, it was deceiving. Yes, the picture quality is excellent as one would expect from Samsung. But YOU CANNOT ADD EXTERNAL SPEAKERS TO IT!"
"First off, I upgraded from an Insignia 24"" LED 1080p, this TV is trip to the moon difference better from the Insignia, Can't go wrong, I have it on the wall and the sound is great, I am not using it for my entertainment system, it's a dining room addition.  Colors are vibrant, blacks are what they need to be, black.  Timer to set up the auto power on and off is great. Eat my breakfast and go to work with no worries.  Very light as well.  Hope you enjoy."
"upon receiving the TV i was very excited. The picture quality was great, but the sound quality was poor from the beginning: very soft and easily drowned out. Still, i didnt turn it to anything higher than 30 for long term use. When i turn it on now, however, theres a static sound that is getting worse. Theres nothing more annoying than a constant static noise in the back ground of your favorite TV show. I would recommend buying from someone else. i'm in the process of returning the TV now, hopefully all goes well"
"I'm always puzzled by reviews that complain about stated features of products.  In this case, I have read several reviews by people that complain that this Samsung TV is not a Slim model.  Apparently some people rely only on pictures and not on detailed descriptions of things like Specifications, or Product Measurements."
"All that's said about this TV I wont repeat. Reason being there is no output ports for audio or video, at all. It has 2 HDMI and 1 component AV in. Since I use off-the-air reception obviously my antenna is connected to this guy. I wanted to output the sound into my receiver or a sound bar. It offers no options like simple optical or COAX audio outputs. Finally, PC  DVI-D can not be connected directly must be via DVI-D to HDMI adapter. Beware of Amazon's description here it does not offer audio output."
"I'm using this TV in a guest bedroom and although I have a cable service with cable boxes in other rooms I decided to first try this set by connecting it directly with the coax cable before getting yet another cable box.  Coax generally provides the poorest picture (except maybe the antenna input) but was I ever surprised that it found 116 stations after auto tuning, many of which are HD.  They look exceptionally good and with a 32"" screen the 720P on the HD channels looks as good as larger TVs with 1080P.  The sound is good and can be tailored to individual tastes with different settings, including an equalizer."
"I was in the market for a 2nd basic TV that I could move around our house with no internet or apps on it since I just wanted it for PS3 and a DVD player and I wanted to stay away from any off brands, so I bought this one. You can't go wrong for the Amazon $248 price and with free shipping! It has awesome sound and picture and very simple to setup. I use"
This Samsung tv was a very good deal as it was priced right and the final output is as good Asia feel it can be for a 32 inch had tv. It has all the bells and whistles and the picture is crystal clear with my hd DVD. I have an audio system so I do not use the tv speakers.
"This is my 3rd tv, and I love it. perfect size, light weight and quality of pics are great. brightness adjustment works great, speakers work fine."
"I bought this 32"" TV yesterday at Target (on sale).  Nowhere on the box does it say ""optical digital audio output"" so I took it home to see.  This model does NOT have the ""optical digital audio output"".  From what I've read online, the model UN32EH 4000 does have it but I think that has been discontinued; it doesn't come up on the Samsung website.  The 4003 also does NOT have a headphone jack."
"This was a reconditioned television but advertised ""as new.""  I was very disappointed to see there were dead pixels in the screen which showed bright blue while in operation, ruining the viewing experience.  On the upside, Amazon allowed a hassle-free return.  My advice is to make sure you check out yours closely and don't throw away the packing material until you're sure it works."
"I am very pleased with this TV. We have had it for 3 months and have no complaints. We mostly use it for regular TV viewing via our cable service, But we have been able to purchase a cable that allows it to hooked up to my iPad and stream movies using it. We also got a cable that allowed it to be hooked up to my husband's laptop so we could watch a foreign DVD (not playable on a US DVD player) So it has proved to be a very flexible TV and we're pleased with it."
I was excited about getting the this tb at a really good price but that excitement soon faded when I realized there were no audio outputs for me to connect my home theater to. Picture is good but with no external sound options movie watching enjoyment vis greatly reduced.
No problems with TV. Good picture and good sound. Definitely a good purchase. ....... ... ... .. . . ...!
"After becoming disgudted with have a satellite service furnishing me 300 channels of nothing I haven't seen before, I decided to go to over-the-air broadcasting. My previous TV was a really nice Sony, (that weighed a ton!) And since it was analog, I would need to invest in a converter box, about $50...and figured that would condem my TV set to instant death....if you knw what I mean!"
"I read a lot of reviews on this TV before purchasing. Some Good and some Bad. After receiving the TV I believe those that give it a bad review are expecting a Cadillac for the price of a Buick. I use over air and internet TV from a Latitude laptop. At first my over air TV picture was a little off but with a little work on the configuration of my cable from the Antenna and a rescan of channels, BOOM there it was a great HD picture. Also had some sound issues, with over air sound was having to max out the volume to hear it. Found a setting in the TV which is great, that balances the sound from all its inputs so now my air, internet, and DVD player sound setting is around 28% with plenty of volume to go. The sound quality is not theater sound but is good as any other average TV. If you want theater sound you need to come off the wallet and spend some dough. I originally had a going in on a cable splitter boxes and etc. Now the antenna on the cable, DVD by RCA plugins, laptop with a (Cable Matters USB to HDMI (Amazon)) and lovin it.  The TV is not a super thin TV, around 3"" thick so if you plan on a wall mount?"
Clear and bright picture easy set up and got to my front door step in no time.. i believe in 2 days
"Of course, as always, Samsung built a perfect product...I have two of this model in bedrooms at my house, so when the time came to give a gift for grandchildren, there was no question that it would be a Samsung.  This set arrived in perfect shape without incident, on time...thank you Amazon."
"This TV is the STUFF!!:) I love it for the size and picture quality. Only thing I found out was that it does NOT have Audio OUTPUT which is a bummer. But I live in a dorm, so I have no need for a quality surround sound system and it's perfect size. I can't find anything else that's bad for this TV. I saw others had a problem with the sound, and was afraid I would get a defective TV, but I didn't. Also saw that some people have this ""LED Bleeding"" where the edges of the TV would appear brighter than the center. I don't have that problem, and hopefully wont in the future. I'm giving it 5 stars b/c the TV is amazing quality all around, even the sound. The Audio Output isn't much of a biggie for me since I would be using Optical Digital Output on the devices I use the TV for. It's a good TV, and would say go for it!"
"Overall, the set is pretty solid. Good picture, decent sound quality, good quality remote, easy menu navigation, and pretty simple setup."
"Bought this TV on thanks giving deal for around $260 and this tv is a great value for that price.. The tv had nice deep black levels and bright picture.. I used the tv to play PS3 on it and to connect my laptop and see movies / videos.. The laptop thing worked perfectly, but i had some issues when i was playing... i had some horizontal lines occasionally in the top half of the screen.. this was very intermittent, would come only a couple or little more times a day... but came every time i played.. i switched on the game mode.. still the same result.. had to return the TV..."
"First, I should tell you that my experience with this was very limited, since I returned the TV to Amazon.  The reason I returned it was that it used more wattage than advertised.  For the average person, plugged into the grid, this won't amount to much in terms of cost; however, I planned to use it off the grid and wattage is critical for off grid (solar) use.  The reason I give it 4 stars is that I know most people won't care that much about the power consumption, since it is still very good for normal household power.  The advertised wattage by Samsung was 28W, but my testing showed a consistent wattage closer to 40W.  Again, this won't matter to most people unless you are buying it to use on an off grid system."
"I just got it, but so far so good. As of right now I am just playing xbox 360 on it. The color is bright and vivid. And for the audio it is ok until you turn on the SRS TruSurround HD, then it is very good. The tv is pretty light weight. It would of been nice if it was slimmer from the side, but it doesn't really bother me. Power cord is a little bit too short. Decent remote control, came with battery. Only downside for the remote is that its not back-lit."
"I'm always puzzled by reviews that complain about stated features of products. In this case, I have read several reviews by people that complain that this Samsung TV is not a Slim model. Apparently some people rely only on pictures and not on detailed descriptions of things like Specifications, or Product Measurements."
"excellent tv, tv never seen with such definition, now if this model gives these views imaginense those without the more definition??? samsung highly recommend are the best screens in the world"
My daughter is 7 and loves her new tv. She shows it off to all her friends. It was a prize she won for selling candy for her school
I am an old fashioned guy. I don't want anything else but high quality pictures from a TV. In that point of view this TV is
We own three Samsung HDTV sets and we recommend this brand without reservation. When they need replacement we will shop for a Samsung TV.
"After hesitation from reading the reviews, I decided to take a chance and order this tv for our bedroom. All I can say is, chance worth taken. This tv is great! Arrived quickly, in perfect shape and it works just as it should."
"This worked out great. I wasn't sure I could connect it myself but gave it a try and bingo! After reading and following all the instructions, the picture and sound came on clear as a bell. This is my second Samsung HDTV and I'm very happy with them both."
Im so so so happy. I love this tv im watching it right now. Lol. Thank you Amazon you guys rock n so does my Samsung!!!!!! Have a blessed day!!!!
I am satisfied with the picture quality. The TV is easy to use.
