A User Review on the Nokia Lumia 928.
This really should be your next Smartphone!
"Barely 6 months after Nokia delivers on the revolutionary 920, here it comes again with the 928. Finally on Verizon!! An improved, lighter version of the 920? Sweeet! Love the wireless charging. Love that industry leading camera. Love the design! Sign me up! =)"
"After owning Motorola android smartphones for years, I came to expect slow and buggy operations and defective hardware and a complicated and inconsistent user interface. I saw this and thought I would try something new."
"I wanted to try the W8 phones out because honestly, I just wanted to try something new. I was a little bored with my Android phone(though otherwise very happy) and not ready to jump to the Iphone since it was the same thing I had been doing with my ipod touch for years. I first tried the HTC 8x as I was a very satisfied HTC android user. The phone was beautiful but I didnt really like the feel of it in my hands, it dropped calls terribly, and some of the software that I was use to having for free on my Android device, such as the turn by turn voice navigation, just wasn't there, and the camera was just serviceable.  I had a few other qualms with it that were really making me consider jumping back to Android.I looked at the BBz10 (nice phone but a little complicated) and the Samsung S4 ( wasn't available yet on Verizon), and the HTC One ( would have gotten this but it is not a Verizon phone). I also though of waiting to see what the next Iphone would  look like but as it was like just to be a 5s, I couldn't imagine it being exciting enough to make me jump to that platform.  Then this phone came out to good reviews.  So I decided to try it out. I have to admit that I am surprisingly happy with this phone.  Everything that I didn't like in the HTC 8x is improved with this phone. Nokia just has more software, and that sofware makes the user experience. Also I think call quality is superior and I have only had 1 dropped call since I have had this phone.  The camera is very good as well."
"This phone finally was a nice cross between the HTC 8X and the Nokia 920 that should have happened earlier.  It is noticeably sleeker and not as heavy as the 920 to me.  It is a bit more sturdy feeling than the 8X with a bigger screen, but practically the same size.  The addition of a AMOLED screen makes this phone a winner in terms of display over the other phones and the Windows Phone is snappy and intuitive.  Has most of the major apps I would use that are also big on Samsung and iPhone, but would be even better eventually when other apps are there in time.  Only other point I wish is for more colors beyond the black and white.  The black is nice with the same matte finish as the 920, but a little red, blue or yellow choice would also be great."
"The Lumia 928 is very similar to the Lumia 920 and is exclusive to Verizon.  Verizon customers can therefore rejoice that they can get their hands on one of the few high end phones on the market that isn't a ""me too"" phone.  Like the 920, the 928 has a 4.5 inch screen (a sharp and vivid 1280x768), a zippy dual-core 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor, and a gig of RAM.  I've put this phone through the hell known as my backpack and the 928 has triumphed - still no scratches on the wall-to-wall gorilla glass screen or on the matte polycarbonate body.  Since one of the reasons I love this phone is the form factor, I'm very happy it hasn't been degraded no matter how often it gets jostled."
"I have had a number of android phones, have used apple phones, and this is the first windows phone I have purchased.  It is flat a nice looking phone both the screen resolution and clarity and the refined look of the tiled interface.  It is a fast phone, I don't experience any waiting for actions to occur, they are instant. I found all the apps that I was using on android without a problem.  The camera is simply stunning in clarity, by far it is the best one I have seen, better than my previous Samsung galaxy 3. From what I have seen of the Windows 8.1 preview this only gets better.  My wife got one too, she was an Apple user and she loves her phone."
"Nokia's Lumia 928 is pretty much the big high end Windows Phone 8 phone right now.  As such, it's unsurprisingly a pretty great phone.  Nokia's always been known for good reception.  The screen is high quality and a pretty nice size (I'm increasingly leaning towards liking even larger screens, but 4.5"" isn't bad).  It's got tech in it for dealing with sun glare, and is supposed to work even if you're wearing gloves (though I haven't tried, since...well, it's 85 degrees out!)  The CPU/GPU/RAM are all high end.  (You can get quad core CPUs on high end Android phones, but I've found Windows Phone 8 seems to be a much faster OS-it feels fast even on the low end Nokia 521, much less this 928, and I doubt much software actually takes advantage of more than 2 cores on mobile devices like this)  It's also got a great camera-apparently the best low light performance of any phone.  CNET's pictures show it clearly better than even HTC's One or Apple's iPhone 5, and it absolutely destroys Samsung's Galaxy S4.  The camera even has a xenon flash, which is incredibly rare for a phone."
I was unhappy with the battery life on my Galazy Nexus (Verizon) and decided to switch to a Windows Phone to try out the interface.  I really like the tile interface on the phone form factor.  I mostly text and read emails on my phone but the tiles make it easy to get updates on scores and news events.  The interface is very intuitive and most functions can be completed with just a thumb.
"I really haven't had the money or the use for a smartphone.  My old cellphone was an ancient Nokia that mostly I just played JewelQuest Solitaire on.  It didn't have a camera and its ""internet browser"" was pretty lame."
"Appearance: Looks nice and feels very solid. The matt texture on the back is very pleasing. I like the bevelled edges; it makes it easy to pick up off the table. The screen is bright and the colors are vivid. I also like it that all the buttons are on one side, it makes it neat and tidy and harder to press a button by mistake when picking up the phone."
I have been the happy owner of iPhone for 3 years. I purchased this phone to port an app that I created to the Windows platform.
"My target price was free to $50.  This was the highest rated and reviewed phone and new as of 4th quarter 2012 in that price range available w/ Verizon.  I wanted something different than my old starter Thunderbolt HTC, didn't want to pay for a new iphone, didn't want to go with an older Samsung.  I liked the way the Windows phone looked, and I'm always into the underdog as a rule anyway."
"I won't lie, I am a Microsoft fan. From Windows 3.1 to Windows 8, I've used and enjoyed their operating systems over the years. When Pocket PC came out, I snatched it up in the form of a Dell Axim and eventually joined it together with my phone in the form of Windows Mobile. Windows Mobile, quite frankly, had issues. It was quite prone to lockups and awkward user experiences. Despite the fact it was quite customizable with ROM's and had good support for a while, when iPhone and eventually Android came around, it was outdated. So I kept my eye on the upcoming Windows Phone 7. And while I liked what I saw, I decided to go with Android and enjoyed the Android experience for a good while. I also had a worked issued iPhone5 but I just never cared for the iPhone's interface and having ""every app"" wasn't an issue for me. Enter Windows Phone 8. Just a few days with it and I am SOLD!"
I am lucky to be the first one to get a black phone from Verizon with a new ordered batch of phones. I loved this phone so much that I went ahead and added a new basic line to get this linked to my existing number. You would not be disappointed with this phone.
"Upon first laying eyes on the Nokia Lumia 928, you will notice the incredible build quality. It feels extremely natural in your hands, and it is a great weight and size, although compared to other smartphones it is a tad large. However, the size of this smartphone allows for a flawless 1080p HD display. The display on this phone is excellent, and it can even be viewed well from angles or in sunlight. The most prominent feature of this phone is the camera. The Nokia Lumia 928 takes unbelievably clear pictures, videos, and panorama; they look better on the phone than they do in person! It has stabilizing picture technology, and even if you don't have a steady hand the pictures and videos will turn out great. The camera also works exceptionally well in the darkness, better than those of other smartphones. The microphones (there are multiple) all work together to provide a flawless experience, people on the other line report my voice sounding just like it does in person, and voice recognition has yet to fail for me. The Nokia Lumia 928 has ample storage space for all of your needs and it is easy to transfer files between your phone and computer. The speaker on this phone can easily fill a room, and I prefer that in the interface it measures volume on a scale of 1-30, so you are allowed far more customization."
"can you find any phone better than this? oblivisiluy the answer is no, this is best phone i ever used. i had iphone 4s, but in front lumia 928 phone just a junk"
"I've been an Apple person for many years now, but curiosity had me checking out the Lumia 928, and I'm glad I did. Given that this Nokia is a flagship device for Windows Phone 8, it's only fair to compare it to Apple's flagship, the iPhone 5."
"Nothing in particular stands out about the Lumia 928, although the ease of use comes in handy when you're trying to multitask. Also fairly durable."
Buttons tough to locate; restricted functionality outside of US; can't use Access Point.  No FM.
"I have been a Nokia phone fan since I got my first cell phone. Which was a Nokia. I was thrilled when they finally introduced there smartphone. I am still learning all the things I can do with my phone, but for now I am enjoying the process."
"This review isn't abash against Windows Phone 8. It was mostly ok except for Xbox Music. Regarding the 928, the size was just a tad too big, but livable. I didn't care for every button being on one side. I didn't care for the Micro USB port being on top either."
"I purchased a Nokia 928 two weeks ago. I have a POP 3 email account that I connect to. I have 2 email accounts that I check. I check email on 2 laptops, 1 tablet, 1 phone. I found after a week that the Nokia 928 was deleting the emails from the server and that I could not get those emails on my other devices once deleted on the server. (My 3 year old HTC Droid did not do this) I called Verizon service who did not understand the problem and started reading to me from the manual, which I had and read prior to calling. I told him I had already read that and did he have a secondary source of reference. He said no and determined that the problem was with Nokia. He didn't ask any questions or offer to troubleshoot the issue. Instead, he gave me Nokia's number and didn't offer to guide me or stay with me or asked me to get back to him - sort of like, ""It's not my problem, see you later.""  Excellent support Verizon and excellent support training. BTW, the Nokia 928 is Verizon's flagship product. You would think they would be more interested."
Well let me start by saying that even thought I'm only giving it 1 Star doesn't mean is a bad phone. I guess I've been unlucky with this  phone. I bought 2 White versions at a local Verizon store and had to returned them with a problem with the capacity buttons. The first one had all the Capacity buttons white but the Windows Buttons had something inside like glue ( looks horrible when the light lit). The term that people are using on the internet is a (Goopy) button. Now to the 2 phones I've receive through Amazon (black version). I was hoping it was a problem with the White version but so far I got 2 phones (black version) with Amazon and they have the same issue. The capacity key on the 2 phones from Amazon are Yellow and I'm pretty sure they are suppose to be white. The first one that I got from the Verizon store were Pure White. I really love the phone but now I have to wait until they get them in stock again and hope that it doesn't have the same issue. I wish i could upload photos so people would understand how ugly it looks when the Capacity button light is on.
