"After checking out the original Galaxy Note at Best Buy last year, I was very interested in the large screen and S Pen features, but since it was an AT&T; exclusive, I decided to purchase a Galaxy Nexus. The Galaxy Nexus was a great phone, but it felt like Samsung didn't really put all their effort into making it as premium of a device as the Galaxy Note or the Galaxy S II. Fast forward a year later and Verizon has finally started selling some truly fantastic superphones. I bought the HTC Droid DNA, another phenomenal phone, while I was waiting for Verizon to put their branding on the exterior of the phone in three places, but decided to return it to get the Note II. I'll do a little comparison of both phones and explain why I chose the Note II over the Droid DNA."
"First 2 questions I get when someone sees this device: is that a phone? Does it fit in your pocket? No, its a blender. No, it doesn't fit in my pocket I have to wear a backpack to carry it around. But seriously, it is big for a phone, but it fits in every pocket of pants that I wear easily. I sold my Galaxy Tab 10.1 and my Galaxy S III for this phone. I hate the word phablet, but it is truly both. The screen size allows for all types of media consumption comfortably. The hardware along with JellyBean make the Note II the smoothest Android experience to date. I mean no slowdowns, stutters, or crashes of any kind. Besides having the functionality of a phone, you get many features including S-Pen and a great camera, which in combination makes for something special, and a big battery for the long trips."
The Note II has many excellent features unmatched by any other product.
"I really am loving this device.  More than I thought I would.  The screen is beautiful and big, fast, smooth, and bright.  Very little downside for me."
"One of my friends got the original Galaxy Note a while back. She was rather petite, and I thought it was hilarious! Whenever she held it up to her face to talk on it, all you could really see was this big phone tablet lovechild...thing. Then, her sister got the Galaxy Note 2 last month. It was even bigger! I unleashed a barrage of playful jesting at her as well. Who would want such a big device for a phone?"
"This review pertains to the Samsung Galaxy Note II, model number SCH-I605, or the Verizon Wireless variant of this device.  Your mileage may vary with the unlocked version, or with versions from other carriers in which features weren't blatantly stripped making for a more miserable user experience."
"There are already some excellent reviews, so I am going to try not repeating what has already been written. Instead, I am going to list a few reasons why I love this phone, plus one big caveat. The caveat first: when I got my first smartphone - a Motorola Droid X - I was equally pleased at this point in the ownership cycle. At month 18 that phone became a nightmare. So, factor that in as I gush about how great this phone is."
"I just bought this phone and it's really amazing. The instructions that come with it are minimal, so you may need to look up what certain functions do online... The s-pen is astoundingly practical, compared to what I imagined- a flimsy Blackberry stylus, and unintuitive screen. How wonderfully wrong I was! I downloaded Autodesk Sketchbook Mobile app and it really takes drawings to another level. I have an old 12"" Wacom tablet, and this is as good as it ever was. I also have a Cintiq for work, but it's not quite at that level (in case you were wondering)."
I have the Note I and wanted to mention something for those who are thinking about buying the Note II.
"With Galaxy Note II and Smart Dock you no longer need a tablet, portable game console, home game console, media streamer, laptop/desktop PC, notepad and pen, etc.  This device has the power, versatility and features to do it all with industry leading battery life while still fitting in your pants pocket.  This is the future of mobility."
I've had this phone for a few days now and have absolutely fallen in love with it!  I moved from iPhone 4 and was a little worried about the size of the phone. But now it just seems normal. The screen is enormous!!! It eats iPhones up with room to spare. It responds super fast and has awesome features. I can't put the phone down. Battery lasts forever! I had to actually make myself play with it until about 1 a.m. after a full days use just to get it down to 5%.
"My dinosaur flip phone broke in 6/12 i did without a phone for months until my daughter demanded that i come up to the 21st century and get a smart phone. I did my research and there was a tie between Iphone 5 and Samsung. i have an Ipad and ITouch so I was familiar with IOS. My wish was for something that could run flash,also a phone that memory could be added and also to be able to download movies and music without the finicky itunes permission. My decision to obtain the Galaxy Note 2 includes those wishes and more. I love it. Very user friendly. Large screen for reading with ease. People are not squinting when you share your photos. The pictures taken are of similar quality of the Iphone. Besides being speedy you can multitask on the same screen.  No wonder Samsung is  giving Apple a run for the money.  i am one who really abhors being tethered to a cell phone. However I love the tablet world. I have the best of both in this phone."
"Greatest phone Ive owned to date.  No surprise there, right.  The only negative is getting it hooked up i.e. usb to pc to transfer files.  I didnt want to use KIES or any other WiFi transfer app.  Over at XDA I wrote how I finally got the note 2 to sync up through my PC.  Samsung, Verizon XDA or Amazon could not figure it out either when I called them about this issue.  Im running XP SP3 on my PC.  There are 2 file you need for it to connect to your PC.  Here is my quote from XDA:"
I have an unlocked phone and use with ATT and T-Mobile. Same phone with a different chipset is used for Sprint/Verizon.
I was thinking about upgrading from our Motorola Photon 4G phones with Sprint. I looked only at phones which had replaceable battery and being able to use an external micro SD memory card. My wife went to the local Verizon shop where a very nice representative demonstrated several phones to her. She spent some time testing the Samsung Galaxy s3 and the Samsung Galaxy Note II. She thought that these two phones had the best readability of the screens in direct sunlight inside the store.
"This is, without a doubt, the best phone I have ever used. I love the speed, the size, MOST of the additions from Samsung, the S-pen is cool, and the phone is stylish. I used to have an original HTC Evo with Sprint. This phone beats it in every possible category by at least quadruple. The screen is bigger, thus being much easier to use. The screen is brighter, with better color saturation. It can even be read in daylight with ease. The touch is more responsive. The phone itself is thinner and weighs less. The phone runs everything faster, and has a boatload more storage than the old Evo. The battery last forever. I haven't seen it drop below 43% yet. The wifi is faster. The 4G service on Verizon kicks Sprint's butt. Verizon has more widespread coverage, better coverage, and faster speeds than Sprint. There is nothing, not a single thing, about this purchase that I regret. Let me reiterate my previous points: The screen is gargantuan, super bright even in daylight with good color saturation, the battery lasts all day, everything on the phone runs super fast with no slow down, the wifi is super fast, the touch is very responsive, there is gobs of storage, and the service with Verizon so far is spectacular. ALSO, for anyone afraid of this phone's size, I am about 6' about 200 lbs, and I have learned to use the phone one handed within two days of having it."
"I do not consider this a phone this is my first actual Personal Computer.  The only complaint is some dummy put the standby button directly across from the volume button.  But as far as the computer itself, Love It!"
"This is my second smartphone, and am very impressed with this phone! It is fast with virtually no lag time. Easy set up, sleek and lightweight, and the added bonus of an onboard s pen storage make this a must have! It is a little bigger than the Spectrum, but has the same sleek clean line look but performance has it hands down for this product! I originally had looked to get the Samsung Galaxy lll, but after much research and preferences decided on this and I am glad I did! This will probably be very hard to top, and the price was just irresistible! I purchased this from Amazon, and got it for nearly a hundred dollars cheaper than Verizon, and had no problems follwing the directions! Follow the instructions, and you will have this phone up and running in record time! I do recommend you purchase your screen protector and case at the same time, however, as you will find it harder to clean your screen after a few days use. I did an alcohol wipe down, but still had a few dust specks, which make it difficult to achieve a smooth application! This phone has all the bells and whistles that any techie would enjoy, I am still having fun exploring! I highly recommend this for anyone, though, not just the high tech person! I use my phone for my work, too, so this was the best buy! I have truly not regretted this purchase!"
"The Note 2 is my second smartphone. My previous device was a Moto Droid X and I loved it. My life was changed when I got my Droid X - I had almost instant access to every bit of data that I could possibly need. I'm not a particularly organized person, and having a smartphone helped me keep up with a busy life."
"Bit of getting used to it due to it's size, but after a while is like second nature, won't buy anymore phones with smaller screens from now on. Great for txting on panoramic view, persons with big fingers will enjoy typing on this screen, reading twitter feed is a breeze and watching youtube is awesome as well."
"This device is a BEAST!!! I love how zippy it is (coming from a Droid Razr Maxx) and the battery life is almost on par with the Razr Maxx too. I love the screen size, S-pen, and the audio playback...it actually has some bass to it & it's loud."
"Upgraded to the Note 2 from the Motorola Atrix and its an outstanding difference. The main reason for the upgrade to the Note 2 was for the extra screen size. Most of the time I hardly use my phone for making actual calls. Instead, I am surfing the net, texting, watching videos, etc. and thus the reason for wanting the bigger screen. Having the larger screen makes everything easier to see and the AMOLED screen in general is excellent for quality."
Love this phone!
"I got this phone knowing exactly how big it was - that's one of the reasons I wanted it. I also purchased it because of the stylus, although I don't use it as much as I thought I would."
"I had to replace my Intuition due to dropping it. So I had to pay cash for this one... ok, I used my Amazon credit card. So far I think that it was worth the $600 dollars. It does everything that my old phone did, only better. It also has some pretty cool features like when its hibernating, I can run my hand across the top and it will give me the time. Startled me the first time because it was 3 in the morning and I was getting a drink of water off the night stand... but it made a great night light. So far good to go."
This phone is amazing! I've always stuck with Android and it's never failed me! I love the size even though it takes some getting used to but love how I can scroll through my apps without having to zoom in on everything! It's easy to navigate and work with! I have other Apple products but still wouldn't trade this in for anything else! I highly recommend it to anyone who plays with their phone more than talks on it! The size isn't that bad for talking either but it definitley is a play phone or work phone for sure!!!!!
"After one week, I was as completely used to the size. I occasionally use other phones now and can't stand"
"Big for a phone, but I use a  bluetooth. The larger than average screen is great as I am visually impaired. It is large enough to function as a tablet with the stylus. Bigger virtual typing keys makes for more accurate input, and dialing with the stylus or inputting data is almost as easy as using a netbook or even a mouse. I access websites to place orders for customers while out in the field. The voice recognition is phenomenal, producing few errors. I tried it in regular voice, whisper, and with a fake accent and get little or no errors. It picks up longhand from the stylus and converts to text and also does this surprisingly well, even if you have bad handwriting. Verizon service is incomparable and I have tried ALL the others! I got a much better deal on Amazon wireless than direct thru Verizon, as most carriers want  big upfront $$$ as the unit lists for over $700. Screen is very bright and sharp too. Camera is  8 MP and that is plenty. It rivals many standalone cameras. It's been out since last fall and is a real sleeper. The next model (III) is supposed to have at least 13 MP or even higher res camera. (Nokia is supposedly coming out with a 41 MP (yes 41 MP!) camera in one of their future models) Current 3rd party software allows an 8 MP phone camera to rival pro cameras in resolution and quality. The front facing camera is 3 MP on this model and it is plenty sharp. For additional memory up to 64GB it uses a micro SD card.  Samsung is releasing updated software to load APPs onto the card. Screens could always be brighter, but the screen on the Note II is one of the brightest I have tried so far, and as long as I am in a shadow outside I can see everything. Battery life is good so far, and they do have an extra capacity one available. I have waited about 2 years to get a smartphone that I liked and am glad I got this one. Got an Otterbox Defender with the holster and am happier than a pig in poop! They also have neat folio wallets with credit card, ID, and money pocket w/ pen. (So you can lose everything all at once and save some thief a whole lot of time and  trouble!) As far as  the size being a little big, it fits into my pockets ok, but the redeeming benefits make it worthwhile. It makes the iPhone 5 looka like a girley-phone! Conclusion: Whole lotta upside and very little downside. Was going to get a netbook, but this does everything I need and is much more portable and convenient."
This is a great device with a great OS.
"Left Motorolo Droid, wife owns i-phone.  The size and beautiful display are worth the rating alone, but add Android and none of Appples restrictions on the Play store and this device is everything that 99% of the population could ask for in a device."
"My wife recently fell in love with this phone after toying around with it and after i perchased it she is totaly in love with this item and the fact that the delivery was so fast made things more better, thanks so much for the item and fast turn around."
"I love the size of this phone and can't see myself going back to a 4 inch droid ever again.  Fast, fluid, full of features, and the screen is beautiful.  Previous phone was Droid X that I loved, but this thing takes the cake.  I'm amazed how far the OS and hardware have come in just two years.  If you love Android and have aging eyes like I do- this is the one.  WOW!!"
"I am really loving this phone. The screen is fantastically vibrant and sharp. I love the stylus (Draw Something is so much more fun with it), the software is great and the phone really hums along. My last phone was a Droid Incredible 2 which I really liked, but this phone is so much better. It's only drawback it that the screen is so big that some one handed operations are difficult (I have small hands, so your mileage may vary). That one drawback is minor compared to the awesomeness that the phone brings. I had nearly decided on getting the Droid DNA until my wife got this phone a few weeks before my upgrade. After using hers my mind was made up that I had to have one too. The call quality is absolutely fantastic too."
This phone is ideal for me. I went from an iphone 4 to the note 2 and the change was huge. I was a little unsure at first becsuse of the difference in screen size but thats not the problem. I have small hands and I can still text and send emails with no problem. The google market alwsys have grest deals on games and music. I love to read and reading my books on this phone is much easier. No need for my glasses. I have borh my Kindle and nook applications on my phone.  4 stats because with all the apps the battery runs down a little fast then the iphone
"Came as expected with no issues in activating the phone.  The phone is great and has the capability to use as a phone / tablet.  Yes, it is bigger, but it is worth it!"
"I had the Samsung Charge 18 months it was great ,b"
"Coming from an HTC Evo3D this phone is just amazing. Awhile ago I swore I'd never get a Samsung phone because touchwiz looked absolutely stupid to me. Well after being on Sense for 4 years it got simply boring. After looking at this in a Verizon store I was quite impressed with touchwiz and all the features.  The 5.5"" screen is perfect size for me. I've got bigger hands so it makes using keyboards so much easier for me.  I'm really impressed with 1.6GHz quad-core processor and 2Gb ram. I've never had anything lag on me at all no matter how many apps I've had open. I don't use the camera often but it's pretty good for 8mp.  I definitely feel that I made a great purchase.  The best part about owning this phone is when my co-workers look at it and say ""that's really a phone""."
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AB7FVCY
"Amazing phablet in every way: size, screen, speed, memory, performance etc..  Actually I truly think its the best phone in the world at the present time.  The only little issue I found after 2 months of use is the location of the power button, the massive size of the phone makes you want to hold it from the edges if you want to avoid holding it from the screen, holding the phone from the edges often causes the accidental pushing of the power/wake/sleep button, much rather it was placed on top like Motorola phones.  But folks that's the only negative thing i found.  If you like the size of this phone, which I do and wish it was even bigger, you will absolutely love love this phone."
"I'm somewhat of a ""Tech junkie."" Therefore,  I've owned/own my fair share of devices. Iphone 3g, 3gs, HTC EVO,  EVO 3D, Galaxy TAB 7.7, Droid Razr Maxx, and droid DNA by HTC, to name a few. This by far does what all the above do and MORE. I am not a Samsung fan, but as of late they have set the bar in what modern tech can be. Anyone debating on making the leap to this monster of a device shouldn't hesitate! I thought the size would make it uneasy to handle since I have small hands but, I quickly got used to it.  It also has 1 handed mode, where you can switch the keyboard,  phone dial pad, and ecen the calculator to favor either side with the touch of an arrow! I know women who have no problem operating the phone with the smallest hands. There is already a wealth of accessories at your disposal since this is a global device, as well as being available on 5 U.S carrier's.  This has taken over my tablet as my browsing and media device. The S-pen acts as a mouse with features like hovering over links to show previews of emails, web content, photo albums and even shows a live preview with sound of your videos just by hovering! this device is nothing short of amazing! of course, the main reason this device is made, being a phone, it is excellent and reception and 4g LTE conectivity where available. No dropped calls and everyone sounds clear and say that I sound clear on my end. Buy it!"
"This phone amazes me every day. It is not only fun to use and explore, but seriously one of the most interesting gadgets I've ever used. I bought the iphone 5 first, which I was super excited about at the time. After 2 weeks of glitches, dropped calls, microphone malfunctions, and boring interface I decided to try out the galaxy. WOW. A world of difference. The iphone seems like a dinosaur next to this phone/mini computer. I love my galaxy note II, and having the iphone first makes me appreciate this phone that much more. There are so many cool features, like handwriting texts with the s-pen, burst shot photography, you can make cool and intricate artwork with using the pen and appropriate applications, the list goes on and I'm still learning. This is the best phone I've ever had by far. It has excellent call quality, I have yet to have a dropped call, and unlike the iphone 5 everyone can actually hear me! The screen displays vivid colors and is the perfect size for viewing videos and photos but not too large that it's a nuisance. I highly recommend this phone."
"I will not needlessly critique the mobile phone, as it is the best handset on the market -- largest most attractive screen, extremely thoughtful and intuitive Samsung customized user interface, best battery life."
"I have waited long time. This phone is fast.(Faster than Laptop). I was with Verizon and I could not wait until November 27. I went to check with SPRINT. They have better phone plan Unlimited Data and much cheaper than Verizon. I switched and found it worked better in my house. I teach the computer in my church and found they have 4G coverage in the area and Verizon does not have 4G in the area. It works better. Most of my friend who has I-Phone checked this phone and find this is more responsive and smooth than I-Phone. My daughter should use medical program for her work and her performance goes up because of the faster speed of the response. Because of quad core process, the web response become much faster. I am not worried about the storage because I have installed 64 GB micro SD card. I checked the navigation. This is much smoother than GPS. I am considering to buy the mount and car charger. Once I changed to manual sync from auto sync of my e-mail accounts, the battery can hold 2 days enough. This become the walking entertainment machine for me since you can enjoy the U-Tube. I don't need to buy I Pad and I-phone. I could use for both. I am very happy with my purchase from SPRINT."
I had an iPhone 3GS that kept getting slower with each OS update. The battery finally died after nearly 3 years. I originally tried the first Note phone in June and the touch screen software was clumsy while the pen was uncomfortable to use.
"Amazing phone. Switched from iPhone 4s. I love this communication device. Does everything a tablet, computer, camera, and phone should do. Great apps. 4G LTE is so fast."
This is about a phone that can do it all.
"I'm issued between 3-4 of the newest phones each year ranging from iPhones, Windows, Android, you name it. I was hesitant but curious about the Note 2. The specs were exciting; the quad core processor? Woof. I was mostly concerned about the overall size of the phone. I went from an iPhone with a 3.5 inch screen to the Note with a 5.5 inch screen."
"I placed my Amazon order for the Titanium Gray Galaxy Note 2 on Black Friday for $199.  It was a sweet deal because everywhere else, including Sprint, was selling it for $299, and no one would match the special pricing.  Initially it was on backorder with a ship date of Jan 6th, but ended up shipping a month early.  So I received the phone on Dec 6th and been having fun with it ever since.  Its a huge upgrade from my previous phone, so there's a bit of a learning curve.  But its been almost 2 weeks, and I'm loving it!  Just today a buddy of mine asked about my phone because after seeing it in action, he wants to get one for himself.  I showed him the phone on Amazon and noticed the phone is now $99.  Upon calling customer service about their low price guarantee, they issued a refund for the difference.  Sweet deal Amazon!!"
In 1 hour you will start thinking it's not too big and in 1 day you will be comfortable with it. I actually would go bigger in a year or so.
"You so need to get this thing!  I'm not going to call it a phone or evena smartphone, this is beyond that in what it can do.  Dual screens and the best processing out there. Please find it on sale though three hundred is a bit much for any phone.  The only thing I could say negative is that it is a bit funking feeling holding it up to your ear, thank you bluetooth."
"I finally decided to pull the trigger and get a smartphone. I was with verizon but somebody hacked my account so I decided to make a change. I researched all the carriers and chose sprint family everything plan. I waited until the monday before thanksgiving and I'm glad I did. I bought 3 phones, the galaxy note 2 for 199.00, the galaxy 3 for my wife 29.00 and a flip phone for my mother in law. All 3 phones I got for 229.00. Also if you go with sprint and you have AAA they will waive all the.activation fees and give you 10 percent off your monthly bill. Now for the note 2. I'm 6'3 with large hands so the size of phone is good for me. I drive a concrete truck so I wanted a phone I could see netflix easily on. I have an ikoss dash holder for it which works well. This phone is awsome. Its fast, responsive, whether you're using the s pen, apps, camera,  whatever, everything I've done with this phone works really well. I paired a motorolla hx550 bluetooth with it and the 300 foot range of the earpiece allows me to leave this phone in the cab and still talk clearly while working at the back of the truck. It fits in my pocket but I carry it in a magnetic pouch on my belt which I also got on amazon for 3.00. 5.00 with shipping. For me I know I hit a homerun picking this phone. Calls are clear and easy to type on. Theres so much more. Anybody who has this phone knows what I'm talking about."
"I'm going to try to keep this short - this phone is amazing. I'm a real estate agent and I've never been able to keep up with emails and voice messages like I have with this device. The size of the screen makes it incredibly easy to use. With a few apps, I'm able to create professional quality PDFs on my phone (using the camera), have clients sign contracts and documents with the S-pen, read my voice messages; take notes on the s-notes apps using the s-pen, sync my work documents to my phone via drop box, edit Excel and Word documents; track time with my clients with the click of one button (for billing), give voice commands for calling while I'm driving, etc. etc. etc."
"Just got the phone a couple of days ago from Verizon.  Don't know why it took so much longer for it to come out with Verizon than with all the other carriers, but now that I have it I think it was totally worth the wait.  The speed of this phone is faster than even my laptop.  Voice recognition is very good, though you do still need to speak clearly into it.  The size of the phone is obviously not going to be for everyone, but it still fits in my pocket.  It does seem like it is comically big to hold against your face, but nothing that a bluetooth can't take care of.  The worst thing about the phone is that it is hard me to get away from my daughter so that I can explore it even more.  If you can overlook the size (which honestly is not that bad) then this is definitely the way to go."
"My wife and I upgraded from Evo 4Gs.  My wife got a Galaxy S3, and I got the Note 2.  Her phone is very nice; great display that's bright and large; it's thin and light, you can expand the memory with micro sd cards, and it has a changeable battery.  The Galaxy S3 is an excellent phone.  My Note 2 is all of the above, with the additional benefits of a huge battery that typically lasts about 18 - 20 hours per charge (and is still changeable), an incredibly fast quad core processor, and an even bigger screen. The phone is large, but I have no problem using it with one hand.  However, I must admit that with Dockers, the phone sticks out of my back pocket.  Other than that, this is a terrific phone.  If it weren't too large for some of my rear pockets, it would be perfect.  When I look at my daughter's iPhone 5, I can't believe that anyone wants to use a phone with such a tiny display, non-expandable memory, and a built in battery. I don't think I could go back to any phone with a smaller screen.  BTW - the S pen is very cool; I'm learning to use it, and it is a great tool, once you know how to use it."
"This is absolutely the best phone I've use so far and like most we usually say that about all of our new phones but this time I mean it. Unlike most, the big size of the phone is what drew me to it...it was calling my name. It felt natural and comfortable as though they made this phone for me and it felt that way the minute I took hold of it. I can even use it one handed and I don't consider my hands the biggest. I really don't know what other are complaining about the size being too big and yes it fits in my pockets with ease. I put my EVO LTE face to face with this phone and its only about 1/4"" wider and 1"" taller. I got this phone because I got tired of having too many devices, so I sold my Nexus 7 and EVO LTE so that I could reduce the number of device and only carry one. This device is all I will ever need until the Note 3 and from now on this ex HTC and EVO fan will be buying Samsung Galaxy Notes. This device does the things of many without having to carry many. I really truly love this big beautiful device. So many features packed in one device with excellent battery life. It may not be for everyone but it is definitely for me."
"In the beginning I was skeptical to make an invesment in this particular product and signing a 2 year contract in addition with it.  One of the main reasons was the size of this device, boasting a 5.5"" screen which compared to all other products is significant screen space.  After receiving the phone in the mail and having it in full use for almost a week now I am completely satisfied.  The size is pretty large, but for those with larger hands it is a nice fit and adjusting to the size will come easier than you expect.  On the other hand if you have fairly small hands this phone will be a two handed operation which becomes difficult for many.  Battery life is one issue I have struggled with on phones in the past.  This phone however has managed to have enough battery life to last 15 full hours of constant usage of calling, texting, emailing, music listening, internet surfing, app downloading, and a number of other tasks all within one day non stop. The battery life is significantly longer if a minimal amount of use occurs.  The quality and speed are leaps and bounds above the phones I have used in the past or compared to those when I was shopping for this most recent phone. The phone was worth every dollar spent and has given a new meaning to what a ""Phablet"" (phone/tablet) is. After having this phone I can't imagine having a phone of a lesser size or quality and Samsung has created a phone which excells in all categories and trumphs the iPhone and all phones hands down."
I have an unlocked phone and use with ATT and T-Mobile. Same phone with a different chipset is used for Sprint/Verizon.
This phone is worth the money because there is nothing you can't do with it.
"If you are contemplating getting this phone, there's a couple things you should know."
"I think this is an amazing device. When I first started seeing people with these GNs and GN2s I thought to myself that they looked too large for a phone, but after having my own it didn't take more than a few days before anything else just feels too small. The processor is snappy, programs open and do exactly what is expected when called upon. The battery life I'm getting is 20+ hours with moderate use. I've had several days when I went greater than 24 hours on a single charge. I'm a paramedic who works 24 hour shifts, so that kind of battery life from a smart phone is a godsend. I've even been able to easily install Adobe Flash (from the Adobe website archives) and now I can watch Amazon Instant Video on this beautiful screen practically anywhere!! I've not encountered any problems with foreclose issues or random reboots or whatnot."
"This has to be one of the smoothest phones available right now.  There is no pauses or hangs that I have run into in the week i have owned this phone.  There has been a few forced crashes in apps, but no forced reboots.  Touchwiz is taking some getting used as I have come from using HTC's Sense interface since the Apache 6700 days (still like WinMo 6.5, just needed better hardware).  The size isn't a concern for me so far.  Fits in my Jeans and Khaki's with out issue.  I know it is there, but it isn't invasive.  I currently have this bear motion case,"
"I was a BB user. Tried HCT - didn't like it - went back to BB. Got the Note II - from Amazon Wireless, with continued service thru Sprint Dec 26th, 2012. LOVE IT!  Then the phone died on March 21st (which was a Thursday).  I had never dropped the phone or done anything else that would have caused it to stop working so I called Sprint - from my land-line - and had to MAKE AN APPOINTMENT (for later that afternoon) to take it to one of their repair shops. (Not all Sprint stores do repairs.) The phone repair store could not do anything with it because it would not boot past the Samsung screen AND wouldn't turn off unless you took the battery out - so they had to order a replacement phone which cost me $50 (because I opted not to pay the $11 something per month for Sprints TEP - Total Equipment Protection when I first started using the phone).  AND FYI, if you think phone insurance will cover it, guess again because there is a $50 to $200 deductible you have to pay first."
Haven't found anything to complain about yet with this gr8 phone....the one thing I needed the most out it I got....BATTERY LIFE....this thing will stay on for 20+ hours no problem....happy
"Coming from a DroidX  which was on its last legs I am very impressed. The Droid was an ok phone but would sometimes reboot, had issues with slowness etc."
"I picked up a Galaxy Note 2 right after launch in November.  Here in January, I am still in love with this device.  Being 6' 3"", the size really does not bother me at all, and I love having all of the screen space.  If you feel you need/want the space and power this phone offers, there's really no contest.  The Note II is awesome."
i ordered the phone on dec. 22nd and the phone was backordered with a expected delivery date of february 6th. i ended up getting it dec 28th. i was thrilled. this phone is pretty sweet. i like aosp android but the touchwiz on this phone is integrated really well and offers a lot of neat features.
"I like this phone more than any other smart phones I've had so far. It has a gorgeous display. It's really thin and has almost enough battery capacity to play streaming music from dawn until... well not bed time, but maybe dusk plus a little."
I love this phone! It does more than I expected. The price Was almost $200 cheaper On Amazon with MY upgrade than if I had Used the upgrade On my service provider's website.
"The only thing we were looking for was a phone that would last all day, this is it. We came from the HTC EVO which was a nice phone other than battery life required you carry an extra battery. It is fast, plenty of room for apps without adding a SD card."
"I think the phone is amazing.  It does everything you could want from a smartphone.  The screen is large and vibrant, and the battery is amazing.  I easily can go at least1 full day and some more before charging it again."
"There is nothing negative I can say about this phone. The battery can last a day and a half even with heavy use! I am constantly texting, surfing, using Maps, listening to music and it is super fast and never any problems. I absolutely love this phone"
"This thing is great. No problems, no lag, super fast, I can go on and on. One of the reasons I chose this phone besides the quad core and size was nobody I knew had one but now everybody that has seen and played with mine is getting one or wants to get one if they can afford it. I suppose if I had to choose a negative it would probably be the price. I have seen places still asking anywhere from $500-$700 to purchase the phone w/o upgrade or anything."
"Everything I need from a phone to do my job and for my personal life. Now I use my pc much less, my Note does almost all the work for it. I love the big screen and its size is not an issue. I switched from a htc evo after 3 years. Thanks Samsung and Amazon for a job well done."
"Upon ordering this phone I had never actually used it and knew that it was infact 6 months old. With the pace that technology is currently speeding at, buying a new phone can be a very stressful task. But after doing lots of research I narrowed my search down to two phones. One being the HTC one and the second being the Note 2. The HTC one is very premium, and had a beautiful 1080P screen. However, what made me go with the note 2 (besides the big screen, very good specs,s pen and great price) was the software it had(touchwiz). Touchwiz on the note 2 is far more superior than HTC's sense. I had come from an Evo 3D so I was quite familiar with the foundation and basic features of sense. Sense is stale and takes away from the Android experience in my opinion. Touchwiz enhances the android experience with the s pen, multiwindow, great camera app, the personalization,  and keyboard. These are very important aspects when buying a phone. The 720P screen is very vivid and beautiful, which was my concern when buying the note. It's very fast, has a great camera,  and a massive screen. It is the perfect size to enable you to fit in your pocket with no problem and is very thin. The battery is phenomenonal too. Overall im happy that I will be spending the next 2 years with my new note especially with the deal amazon gives on new or upgrading customers. My recommendation is to buy it if you are considering you will not regret it!"
"After decades of using cellular devices finally I found a cell phone that is user friendly, lightning quick and does everything I need. The Samsung Note II is TOTALLY AWESOME.....it's unlike any other phone in it's class. Stop pretending to be happy with the wanna-be phone that you use every day, It doesn't matter what one you currently have; when you grasp the excitingly-powerful, large screened monstrosity for the first time it will seem a little out of the norm and just exactly that, a ""monster of a phone""; however, like it's a mistress you will soon find yourself sneaking off to spend time with it doing stuff that you would never do with your regular phone. Ah, ha-ha like me, you will soon laugh at the little screens and remember the days of wishing for a device that could do any and all requests  fluently, ........flawless and on the fly."
I keep getting alot of 3G and not much 4G except when I took it out of the box and powered it up.
"Really like this phone. Phone is a beast! You can do soo much with this phone, also like the s pen,  screen size,"
