"UPDATE#1: The battery life seems great, better than on the S3 even though the screen is larger and has a higher resolution than the S3. When I had my S3, I used to lose about ~3-5% of battery every two hours or so but with the S4, I seem to lose about ~1-2% so that's awesome. The phone comes with a ton of bloatware and the only way to get a good battery is by removing all the bloatware. I was getting terrible battery life when I first got my phone but after reading online it seems that everyone suggests removing the bloatware for batter battery life. Like I said in my review, the snapdragon 600 uses very little battery when it is not being used so that's a big plus. I'm a heavy user and when I say heavy user, I mean heavy user. I do pretty much everything on my phone from taking a crapload of pictures/videos, watching YouTube videos, playing 3D games, phone calls and surfing the internet. At the end of the day the phone has about 30-35% of juice left. Also, one thing that I forgot to mention was the speakers on the phone. Samsung decided to move the speakers which used to be at the top near the camera on the S3 to the bottom of the phone which wasn't a good idea if you ask me. You can block the sound coming from the phone when holding the phone with your hand."
"I ordered this phone with the highest of hopes.  I had gone through 4 years of the ups and downs of HTC products and was ready for a change of pace.  I did a lot of research and concluded that the Samsung experiences were pretty good.  So when I started to have trouble with this device on the very first day I was more than a little disappointed.  To get down to the facts, the WIFI had issues.  No matter what WIFI I connected to the phone would randomly disconnect and re-connect.  I came to the conclusion that the WIFI was actually turning itself on and off.  I poured over the forums and support sites and started to see that Samsung has a history of WIFI issues going back to the S3.  But most of these issues had resolutions and were not universal to all types of WIFI as was mine.  Everything else about this phone is great and would be greater if I could be on a stable WIFI connection.  I've got a replacement coming now as the guys at Sprint were even shocked at how bad this one was.  Perhaps when the replacement comes I'll update you.  But, watch out for this, if your WIFI is flakey don't put up with it, take it back and get another."
"I upgraded from the Nexus S 4G on Sprint, which is several generations old now, and this is a large improvement.  My main concern was that it wasn't going to fit in my pockets (I'm an adult male who wears standard jeans), but it fits easily.  The reason it fits so well is that it's a lot slimmer than my old Nexus S.  So that's not a worry."
"Do you remember that YouTube video showing what an iPod box would look like if it was made by Microsoft? The dozens of stickers and certifications and advertisements? That's what this phone feels like out of the box. It's overwhelmed with Samsung stuff, much of which serves only to drain the battery or change Android for no particular reason. The phone actually lagged and stuttered from the get-go. That's a hell of an achievement for a quad-core handset with 2GB of RAM. Since I came from a Galaxy S running Cyanogen, that just wouldn't do."
"I just upgraded from the original HTC Evo to the Galaxy 4S. I did love my Evo, but oh my what an improvement! So far (6/5/13) I have only had it one day, but I'll update as I continue to use it."
"Bought this phone to upgrade from my old school Gravity T phone of 3 years and I certainly do not regret it.  I have Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0 and an ASUS TF300 tablet, so the learning curve for this was non-existent for me (which was the contrary for my mother, who upgraded to an HTC One, disliked it and the size and switched to an iPhone *sadface*)."
"Does work well in finge areas like my old EV 4g did. I used to get reception in my country cabin, but the s4 there is no signal.."
This is my first smart phone so I'm still getting used to all the features but I'm very impressed with the phones capabilities. I'm also thrilled with the response time and intuitive way it works. This device is more capable and user friendly the many PCs I've used through the years I highly recommend this product to any entry level user as well as someone we versed in smart phones.
PRO:
"got rid of my crap phone (iphone) love tv remote and speed, battery feels like nothing in hand so light"
"I'll start off giving a bit of background on my smartphone usage.  I've pretty much been a Droid user for my whole life.  I'm definitely a power user and I greatly enjoyed having a keyboard.  I could type long text messages or emails with ease, and I never really had that much interest in switching to a non-keyboard phone.  Unfortunately, that decision was taken out of my hands somewhat.  I have the Droid 4 which I greatly enjoy, but it has it's own problems.  After having it for about a year it got a pretty nasty crack on it.  I played around with some friends GS3's and was very impressed with them.  However the rumors about the GS 4 coming out had already started so I decided to hold off.  I'm glad that I did, but a lot of my review will be based off of not having the GS3 and making such a drastic switch.  As I put in the title, it seems to be minor improvements upon a design they've found worked as opposed to the drastic changes previously seen.  Without further ado..."
"7/19/2013 Edit- Downgraded to 2 stars. The screen stopped working. It's dark all the time despite the phone being on. Sent to Samsung for repair. Will take  1 to 2 weeks. They give you a UPS shipping label for ""2 day air"" service which means they are not in a rush to get your phone back working."
"This phone is great, I bought it at best buy and it's one of the best phones that I have ever owned. I was deciding between this phone and the Htc One but I picked this phone because it has expandable memory and a removable battery. The battery life on this phone is great, it last me all day with heavy use. The features like air view and multi-window make the phone an amazing device. The build quality is great also, but if you don't like the plasticy feel, I wouldn't recommend this phone to you, the Htc One has a better build quality in terms of materials used. But overall this phone is one of the best phones out right now. I recommend this phone to anyone looking to upgrade their phone."
"I have been with the Galaxy line since the very first one with the sliding keyboard. I had the SI and SII, my brother has the SIII. I would consider myself a seasoned owner who knows the phones well. My SII started getting wonky on me finally so I had to trade up. I considered the HTC One but went with the Galaxy based on my past history with the line. I am extremely happy I did."
"I recently exchanged my HTC Evo Shift for the Galaxy S4 with Sprint.  There's been plenty of techy info posted, so I'll keep this to the point.  (I'm an average cellphone user; a Smith)."
"I upgraded from a terrible phone called the replenish and this phone by far is the best phone that has ever been in my hands! I thought that I would always get an iPhone because when I got m iPod then I got a Mac it would only be fair to get the iPhone but ""Oh No"". I love my GS4. The phone is fast, I love all the features and the camera. This phone can be customized in so many different ways. Not pointing the finger at iPhones which is a very simple type of phone but I most def love this phone! If you come from an iPhone it may seem weird because its so much going on, but if you're still with an android to switch to a GS4 its awesome! I would def recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a new phone with lost of apps and features, this is the one for you! And I got mines in black too. I feel like a lot of people have white phones,. Whether its an iPhone or android white is the pick. SO I tried to be ""different"" and chose the black! Plus, what's the difference once the case is on. LOL"
"This is my second phone and I still not getting any voice mail notification on my phone. I  received notification after activating with Sprint but after the usual upgrades I am getting 3 voice mail error messages when I turn on my phone, ""no track"" ,""voice mail error vo8..."" and ""voice mail pending"". I am very disappointing after switching from HTC Evo 3D to Galaxy."
sometimes it says I have no sim card in phone but its there
"The S4 is everything you would expect it to be, great phone. Glad I purchased this item. Samsung did a great job with this one."
