"This is one of Epson's budget home printers, but I am surprised at how many great features it has! The list includes wireless printing, scanning, copying, as well as an SD/memory card slot and a pop-up, LCD, touch screen front control panel."
My husband would be the first to tell you I'm not a techie.  But I found this printer to be painless to install and a real joy to use.
***EPSON CONNECT OUTAGE NOTICE***
I've been using the cheaper
"Just bought this from Staples for $69.99.  I was going for the Canon MX410 or MG4120; however, we bought it over these even though it was $10 more mainly because of the size (much smaller and space saving) and the multi-ink cartridges (4 - Black, Yellow, Blue, and Red).  The cartridges will only cost $8.99 each for the colored ones and $12.99 for the black ink.  One reason I chose this printer is to minimize the cost on the ink.  I will have to do some more research on buying ink at a greater discount (i.e., Office Depot store brand).  The test quality of the copy of the Staples weekly advertisement done at the store was excellent."
"I'm quite happy with this great little printer. It's easy to set up (via the software which downloaded without a glitch) and works fabulously well wirelessly with my Wifi. This printer is so compact, and very quiet compared with my old Canon all-in-one. This doesn't have fax capabilities, but you'd typically pay more for that anyway."
"Epson Expression Home XP-400 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer, Copier, Scanner (C11CC07201)"
"I bought an Epson xp 400 printer last August.  I've used it for printing text. I replaced the set of cartridges that came with the printer once, which was to be expected, but I wasn't expecting that the new cartridges would last just about as long as the samples that came with the printer!!! I have only used this printer TWICE to print in full color -- that is, I printed TWO full-color pages.  The TWO pages I printed in color soaked all the red and blue ink out of my new ink cartridges. That was the last printing I did, about three weeks ago. This evening I tried to print, and I find I am unable to print anything,not even by defaulting to black, because the black was soaked out of the cartridge, apparently, when I printed in color -- this was a NEW black cartridge!! Given this, my printer would be totally useless to print photographs...it would simply not be worth trying (and I'm not going to try).  Given this,  it's going to be far too expensive to keep this printer in ink.  NOT worth the money I paid for it... I'm VERY dissatisfied!!!"
"One thing often overlooked when buying a printer is the cost of keeping the thing going once purchased. Research is done, reviews are read, and naturally the focus is on the quality of print, functions, reliability, etc. Often questions like ""how long will my ink last and how much will it cost to replace it ?"" are forgotten. In my opinion this is a big mistake as the actual cost of buying the printer turns out to be minimal compared to the amount that you will spend over the years on ink replacement. The manufacturers know that once you have their printer they have effectively 'got you', basically they can charge astronomical amounts for replacing ink because you have no choice but to buy it. That is why companies (like Epson) make there printers very sensitive to other makes of ink, they know that ink can be produced at a fraction of the cost but want to ensure that you have to buy from them. I can't speak for other makes of printers but this has certainly been the case with my Epson printer and I would never buy anything from Epson again. The ink cartridges only last a short time and to replace are very expensive, even on Amazon. A couple of other negative practices are firstly; a lot of their printers will not work if just one of their cartridges runs out. So for example if your 'Cyan' runs out it may not matter too much as you only want to print in black & white. Unfortunately the printer won't let you just use the black ink until you have replaced the other colour. Secondly, and in my opinion the most scandalous; when you purchase an Epson printer it will (as it states) come with ink. What you don't realise however is that the ink cartridges are specially made and only contain a tiny amount of ink just to get you started. So you are almost immediately digging your hands in your pockets and giving them more money. This kind of sums up where Epson are in relation to their customers, although I suspect other manufacturers are working along the same lines. And there is no law against them doing this, or no regulations for them to state ink cartridge costs or how long they last. My advice would be as follows; avoid buying an Epson, include the aforementioned aspects when doing your buying a printer research and finally, printer owners should use 'word of mouth' to bring into the open the hidden costs of running their printers be it positive or negative. Only that way, when reputations are being affected, will the companies stop using their customers as 'Cash Cows'."
"Epson has managed to create the only printers in the world that consumes COLOR INK even if you are printing in BLACK INK ONLY mode. It doesn't matter if you print images in B&W;, or if you make sure that the image is in grey only, or any other trick that you think your printer will understand the fact that you only want to use the BLACK INK cartridge: the printer will consume THE THREE COLOR CARTRIDGES anyway, along with the BLACK one. This is EPSON's  first trick."
"First this is not meant to be a volume printer. Its an ink pig as most cheap printers are, and it prints slow when compared to higher end printers in the epson, canon, and hp line. It does the job, doesnt jam. Works well with Mac and Pc. The impressive thing is that it has soooo many features for its price. The google print (see detail below) functions well and we tested out all these features successfully"
"While the unit is cute and attractive, I would not recommend it.  Color print speed is frustratingly slow, perhaps three minutes to print one page.  After only a handful of color prints, it will require that you change the ink cartridges."
I've been using this actively for a couple of months now and I couldn't be more pleased with this little printer/all-in-one.
"If you do indeed purchase one of these and intend to print many photos or letters, be prepared to sell your gold in order to have the dollars to purchase Epson ink. It's a real shocker. Here in OH we have a 6.75 sales tax. Add that to the purchase price and it come out to $40.54 for 4 cartridges, black and colors.......Epson advises you will receive 175 printed pages of black.....now mix in a little color with your printed material {I believe the colors have less yield....not sure}.....an already long, story short.....I've printed out 55 Christmas Cards and two calendars and have used $121.62 worth of Epson ink.....Lucky for Epson.... bad for me. Don't bother looking for people to fill your used cartridges or looking for an off label product.... They are none. I've purchased my last cartridge of Epson ink, and I need a new boat anchor."
"I am totally new to the concept of ""airprinting.""  I was able to install the printer easily and follow the instructions to get the google printing options and airprint options working.  I was ecstatic when I went to my ipad and actually printed from it.  Haven't tried my cellphone yet."
"One of the selling points of this little machine was that it used cheap ink.  I don't know--I started a big print job with two sets of cartridges, one nearly full in the machine and one unopened on the shelf.  I'm down to one black, unopened, just hours later.  That much ink got me about 60 pages of print.  Can't print until more gets here (small town, has to come from either Amazon or a big box office supply store 100 miles down the road) So the ink isn't cheap--I have to buy much more of it. If Epson comes out with high capacity color cartridges, I'll happily pay the price. My old faithful, slow but steady, Epson C88+, is chugging along turning out twice the prints at half the speed. And I can buy cartridges for it at either Walmart of the local supply store."
"I have a number of printers dotted around my house for convenience ranging from those that just plug directly into a computer to network printers that allow me to print from anywhere on my network.  Usually the network printers take a little bit to get set up.  With the Epson XP400, from breaking the seal on the box to having it up and running took a total of 14 minutes and most of this was spent either waiting the computer to boot up or for the software to install.  Setup was extremely easy with the supplied software, and with the built in wireless I can now print to this from anywhere."
"I particularily like the fact this printer has individual ink cartridges versus the all-colors-in-one cartridges in other printers. I just hate to throw away unused ink just because one color runs out first, most always blue it seems. I was very surprised how much smaller and lighter this printer is compared to the Canon MX512 I am replacing. Epson has most of the same essential functions at a fraction of the space."
"As others have noted, will not work with Apple products wirelessly even though website said AirPrint compatible, it wouldn't even set up with Mac much less iPad or iPhone. Returning it."
"To me, I am continually amazed and stunned to think that every time I re-ink my venerable old HP P1000, which has given me over ten years of relatively trouble free service, I could probably have purchased over 20 of these new generation multi-function devices. Obviously, had they existed."
"I am having trouble with the printer turning itself completely off after entering my wifi password.  I'm setting it up using the touch screen since I don't have the correct size USB cable and twice now the printer screen went dark and will not wake up.  Even the power button is dark.  I have carefully followed the instructions given in the included DVD and it seems everything is going well until it's time to press, ""done"" then ""o.k."" after entering my wifi password. That's when it fails completely.  It scanned and found my router just fine. I have e-mailed Epson support about this problem and am awaiting their reply."
"I wasn't sure if I would be happy with this little printer or not.  Surprisingly the longer I've been using it the more I like it.  While I do not feel it is a 5 star printer, it is up there when you consider what you get for the price."
"I am an IT professional and I have easily installed, configured and operated numerous of printers....but this one is very inconsistent.  One day it'll connect to print/scan, the next moment it will do neither.  It is now physically connected and recognized, but it will not print....AGAIN."
"The first 3 months with this printer were awesome. Easy setup, ran smoothly, and we could use it wirelessly from 4 different computers. We do not print a lot, maybe a few times a week - at the most 25-30 pages a week.  However, we noticed that the ink was running out REALLY fast (and we were using genuine Epson ink cartridges).  We had to replace the black cartridge about once a month.  The lame thing about this printer is that even if only 1 of the colors is running low, you cannot use the copier until you replace it.  It won't print OR copy - even using the other colors to do it.  In most cases, there was a little bit of ink left in the cartridge and it still would not print unless I replaced it after I got the first warning."
Ordered this printer right around Black Friday of this year so the printer is just around a month old. The fact that it's wireless is great since it helps de-clutter my desk of all these other wires. That's a plus.
"There are input/output devices (scanners and inkjet printers) which offer higher resolution, but aside from that, this is a GREAT deal for all the functionality that it provides."
"This wireless All-in-One is beautiful, compact, and easy to install.  You unpack it, careful to remove all the protective tape, including inside the printer (don't forget that).  Then you set the printer on your desktop, raise the paper support and connect the power cord to the back of the printer and plug it up to an electrical outlet. Next you load the ink cartridges and put paper in the printer.  After that you insert the product CD and follow instructions on your computer screen.  It took me a few minutes to install then check all of its functions.  I'm not very tech-savvy so it might take you smarties less time.  :o)  Excellent print quality.  I haven't tried printing any photographs yet.  However everything else works perfectly fine.  This size is what I needed for the limited space in my home office."
Pros:
"As a previous Epson user, this printer is a big deception."
"This thing is pretty compact for all that it does, and much lighter than my previous home printer. It weighs about the same as my laptop, which is pretty remarkable. I was surprised how quiet it is when it prints, as well."
"this printer never works, it always has communication errors, and I called customer service ( the people working there are really annoying and of no help) but it never helped. DON'T BUY THIS PRINTER!"
"This was my first time using a Epson printer.  Owned many printers of other makers, but never an Epson. And I was not disappointed."
"This is one amazing printer.  We truly love it.  It's small, but performs just like a printer of twice the size."
I have owned many Epsons including the 17x22 large format. There is a rule - the more you spend the cheaper the per page the printer is to use. This printer has a wonderful set of features for the price. It needs to be used by someone who not for any volume printing but more towards a more occasional use for an individual. Keeping that in mind it is a real prize. It is just amazing what one gets for their money these days. Just 15 years ago this would have been whole lot more.
"The Epson Expression Home XP-400 All-In-oneColor Inkjet Printer, copier Scanner works really well.It gives you crisp clear wireless printing and very good copies .It also scans documents exceptionally well. Overall I think it is a great printer , I have used it for awhile now & I like It very much, it is a bit smaller in size than my other printer which gives me a little more desk space.I would  highly recomend it."
I purchased the printer and noted that it didn't contain a printer cable.  I planned on using it connected direct with my main computer and as a wirless for the others on my network.  I had to purchase the cable.  The cost of the cable equaled almost 1/3 the price of the printer since it was on sale for $74.00 at Best Buy.  I'm glad I did since the cable is recommended when installing the printer and based on some odd problems others have experienced when attempting an install without the cable I'm glad I pruchased it.
"I have had many Epson printers and currently use the Workforce 645 which is also excellent. Like that printer, the XP-400 is very easy to set up the wireless connection. There is a color LCD panel so you can see what will print when you are printing out photos. The color quality and sharpness are great...Epson photo printouts are among the best. Scanning is easy. Making color or black and white copies of documents is easy. Has slots for memory cards. The thing that really  puts this into the 5 star rating is the form factor. It is sleep and compact. I was surprised at how small it was compared to previous printers but it does not skip out on any functions. Great printer, recommended."
"I hate this machine more with each passing day.  The paper feed is so lousy you would think it was 1975.  It rarely prints a multi-page document without feeding multiple sheets.  Wastes tremendous amounts of ink, time, and paper.  Easily the worst printer I've owned in 40 years, can't wait to smash it with a hammer.  The WORST buy of 2012, of many hundreds.  In case it's not obvious I actively loathe this thing!"
"After 6-weeks of very minimal use, I had to replace my ink cartridges. Feeling that ""genuine"" Epson cartridges are way over-priced, I got replacements from an online cartridge company that has earned my trust with good products and great service. Much to my chagrin, the cartridges didn't work, so I went out and bought ""genuine"" Epson cartridges -- they didn't work either."
I needed a small printer due to lack of desk space.  This was easy to install and I have had no problems so far after a few months. It fits nicely in a small space.
