"==UPDATE 3 Mar '13=== A Titan Grey, red and black version of the Galaxy S III Mini i8190 is also available with some of the very same Amazon sellers now!"
"In order to assist you in your decision of your purchase one way or the other regarding this phone, I wrote a review for the White version (the one I purchased) and posted it here and also on the other same version with different color. This has been an excellent phone, one of the best, if not the best I ever used! I had a huge Samsung Note with 5.3"" screen, but wanted a smaller screen, this is just right to fit into my jean pocket or in a small purse with ease. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone."
It is a great phone. Here are some highlights:
"I had an S2 and loved it, then a nexus, also good, but both had poor battery life and were too big (especially the nexus). The mini is the right size for a phone you hold in your hand and talk on mostly, or send text, and occasionally surf/use for google maps, etc.  If you need a smart phone, and mostly use it as a phone, this is it.  Jelly Bean system, good graphics, enough power, expandable memory. But, its not an S3, its an S3 mini, which means smaller processor, not as fast with apps, etc.  Battery lasts longer though, especially if you put juice defender or something similar on it."
"So far all expectations are met or even exceeded. Budget wise, a really good choice. Big enough and small enough.Comes with a note that says it will NOT work on Verizon and Sprint but will work on AT&T; and T-mobile."
"Coming from a phone with a physical qwerty, I found this to be a big change.  The phone was light and slim, it also had a very bright and crisp screen.  The display of the regular S3 is better, but this phone more than meets my needs as a not-compulsive cell phone user.  I mainly text and send email, occasionally use navigation and sometimes use the data like if I need store hours or to find an ATM.  First thing was to change the language as my phone was international - but it was a breeze.  It read my T-Mo SIM card with no problems, synced up my contacts  via gmail and them synched up my bookmarks via chrome and danngggg I was on my way to being a Samsung fan."
"I could reommend this item to people all over the world. I'm from Venezuela, and I'm using it right now. It works with almost all 3G companies."
Totalmente recomendado.
"The phone itself is great. I love that it is unlocked, came with the latest Jelly Beans (4.1.1) software and after a month of use got an update to 4.1.2. The phone is a perfect size, weight, and thickness. The battery life is pretty good."
"The phone is nice, the screen is good, not astonishing as it's big brother Samsung galaxy S3."
Finally someone thought that not everyone wants a phone the size of a notebook.
The phone is just excellent.
Very good phone still learning the many features that it provides. Had to go online for a user manual as it does not contain one in the package. Better features than the iPhone and its a great size especially for women
"It is far far better than Galaxy Ace. It's almost like an S3, but more convenient. I really recommend this cell phone"
"This is the best phone I have ever owned. It is very fast and responsive. Easy to use and set-up. I loved the S2 but this is even better. Before I bought it I was debating whether to get this s3 or the iPhones but after comparing my phone with my friends iPhones, this was defiantly the best choice. I think all the features are great, but my favourite is the camera. It is 8MP but some of the settings and options make the camera brilliant, some of the photos I have taken are better than photos I have seen on professional cameras."
"The phone arrived in time and in excellent conditions. However, the item description is inaccurate, this cell phone does not have NFC."
"I did not want to buy the Samsung Galaxy S3 because it is too big for me, this size is just what I was looking for, thanks."
"I am satisfied with this. excellent condition, applications, all in perfect working order, I highly recommend it."
"The Samsung Galaxy S III mini was the perfect Christmas gift. It's small and light, just what my wife wanted. I've found it to be every bit as powerful as more expensive smart phones."
"I really love it. Before installing the apps just get review,  then install and dont do install any craps. Initial days, I ran out of battery But after I installed Advance task Killer app which kills unwanted apps runing behind screen on scheduled of every 30 mins. Now it is super super super!!! To get the good battery backup turn off the Wifi and mobile data when u really dont use it.."
"I wasn't looking for the state of the art or anything close, I need to be updated with emails and such."
"Excellent product, works with Digitel GSM (3G and H) in Venezuela. I recomend this product because has a excellent size to work and has the same characteristics than a SIII."
"This is my second ever smart phone, my first being the Verizon LG Lucid, which I truly loved. What I didn't like was Verizon. So I had to find a new phone. I was going to get there full size Galaxy S III but the size was so big, I had a hard enough time adjusting to the size of the Lucid, the mini is almost the exact same size as the LG Lucid."
"Nice compromise for those who find the standard S3 too large.  Only problem is that the mini is an international version unavailable in the US, so it cannot be registered for warranty in the US ... or repaired in the US, and one cannot even obtain the operator manual on Samsung's US website.  One can, however, do all this on the UK site.  That presents a potential warranty issue logistically should the unit fail during the warranty period--experience with Samsung indicates that is unlikely.  Hasslefreecell's seller support on this issue was non-committal and unhelpful, if not misleading and certainly not hassle-free.  And Amazon's item description fails to disclose this warranty/registration/repair information upfront.  Ergo, I rate the product highly but ding the seller and Amazon.com for the way the product was advertised."
"Purchased this phone about a month ago and it has worked great! I previously had a Windows 7.5 phone and it just didn't have all the apps I wanted in the Windows marketplace so I tried Android. It has been a huge change but a good one, as I have gone through Apple, Windows, and now Android. This phone is small and compact but has everything the average smartphone user needs. The GHz performance of the phone is slow compared to its big brother the Galaxy SIII, however the jellybean OS really helps. Try to stay away from the live wallpapers and unnecessary apps! The camera isn't the best in low light like most phone cameras, but it does include a handy flash."
"Excellent product, very fast and it comes with real 4.1 android OS, and HSDPA 900/1900/2100 bands, in my case my seller was BLUTEKUSA they did a real good job sending me a phone able to work in my country (Venezuela) Btw it doesnt work to digitel 3G I dont know why even when the phone has 900mhz 3G band. but work very very well with movistar and movilnet"
"Es liviano, el tamaño ni grande ni muy pequeño.Aun instalandole una cantidad de apps sigue siendo rapido.Funciona bien en venezuela con movilnet.La resolucion de la camara es suficiente  para lo que necesites fotografiar si es de uso personal. Le doy bastante uso al telefono y la bateria me dura hasta la tarde. Me encanta que puedo persnalizarlo todo. Es de facil uso y configuracion. Es un teleono que se popularizara y se quedara en el top por un buen tiempo.El vendedor full responsable y excelente el equipo."
"Great phone! nice size, color and shape. very fast and fast processor. works perfecly in venezuela with movistar... buy it"
"I love this phone, is fast, slim, light an beautiful."
"The phone is sooo great, I live in Venezuela and works without any problems with the phone companies, the OS is so friendly, Samsung created a very easy phone and office to the pocket."
This phone is just perfect. It works in Venezuela perfectly which means it is truly unlocked. It accepts 3G network and all its features work prefectly. The delivery was on time and everything was great.
"As a good entry-level smartphone, the Galaxy SIII Mini is worth the price."
I love this phone!!!! I have had it for a couple of weeks and absolutely no complaints. Great price and it shipped really fast.
If you want the best cellphone on the market. Buy this Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked. Is Amazing
"I have a Normal version and now the mini version of this phone,"
"This phone is awesome, the picture is great,  the size is great and everything is as described. I was a little bit worried reading some reviews that these phones don't come unlocked, but in my case, I put my chip and the phone recognized it immediately. I am really happy with it."
"I wanted a phone size, android to slip in my pocket."
"this is a great smartphone but the battery life runs down really fast, i don't know if this is because it is new!!or maybe an update can resolve this issue, anyway the seller was good the delivery was on time..the only problem was that the charger is european or asian and where i live doesn't work (Venezuela). oh!! and please forgive my really bad english!! :P"
I bought this phone as a replacement for my 18 year old daughter who's iPhone 4 was stolen. She went back to a feature phone for two months with the big sim before I got the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini. The big AT&T; sim works with the S3 mini so no trip to the AT&T; store. She loves the phone. It's hard to pry it from her hands. The screen resolution is good but not iPhone 4/5 or Galaxy S3/ S4 great. She has all the features you would expect as a front and back facing camera and plenty of storage for apps. She can add extra storage but so far it's not needed. She uses the Pandora app for music and can watch Netflix as well (why would you want to with that 4 inch screen.) She's got all her games and apps. Now here's the great part for parents.
"It is same S3. But this is only in english, japon and chinese language. when i received it has into the box only europa outlet."
