THIS EXCELLENT CELL USE IT COMES IN VENEZUELA MODE UNLOCKED CAMERA VERY FAST AND SUPER GOOD IS BROUGHT ALL THE ACCESSORIES EXCELLENT MENSIONA
"This phone meets all specifications, goods in good condition, I'm from Venezuela and works perfectly with the operators here. I recommend it. Thank you!"
"This phone with android 4.0 is awesome. Well balanced, very light, fast and the right size. Recomended as a replacement for IPhone. Certainly the best android phone I've owned so far"
"I really loved a lot this item, I hope you keep up selling item with high quality. Thanks you so much."
"The product was as descripted and it works perfectly in Honduras, the only downside is the keyboard is really small but that is something you can adjust too. I recommend it."
Phone met my expectations very much.
"The trade was great, got to me really fast, and the cellphone is very good for the price. Recommend it"
"I bought for my wife and so far has been an excellent choice, I'm in Venezuela and the phone works fine with Digitel."
I have had this phone for the last couple of months and I am quite pleased and enjoying all the features. No problem thus far..gotta love Samsung!
after i bought and received the phones (two of them that i got for a hefty price) i was told by three different cell phone dealers that the phone could not be activated and did not appear to be sold for the U.S. market. all three of them were convinced they would only work overseas. that was not listed anywhere in the description and i was very upset. the phone itself (although never activated) seemed like a nice phone. i loved the size and weight of it. i would have loved to be able to use it!
JUST WHAT I asked
wall charger came European. I had to pay $ 10 for an American wall charger. It is not fair at all.
"I loved this product, is easy to use, is good and it was that i wished/ I recommend 100% thank you"
"This is a wonderful and lightweight alternative to its bigger cousins. I used for sometime and I could not find anything wrong. Obviously if you play racing car games or Temple Run Brave, one can notice a little slowness, it is absolutely great for normal uses of navigation, running, as a music player, as a twitter client etc."
"Very good experience with this product, is an excellent celphone, very good quality and very lightly"
"buen teléfono lo recomiendo me llego tal cual como se muestra en la foto, con todos sus accesorios y desbloqueado totalmente nuevo, LO RECOMIENDO EXCELENTE DESBLOQUEADO"
