The Honeywell RPLS740B has some key features I was looking for:
"This switch is the Honeywell-labeled replacement for the Aube TI071/U. (Aube, a Canadian corporation, was purchased by Honeywell.) I own the Aube-by-Honeywell-labelled switch."
"I ordered this when Amazon offered it for a special discounted price.  I believe that the normal price of $45 is too high for the functionality that this offers.  Like a lot of people, I would like an easy way to have my outdoor lights come on and off automatically.  Normally the problem with timers is that the lights get turned on too early or too late at different times of year due to longer and shorter days, daylight savings time, etc."
""
"It seems like it should be so easy. Replace a single pole toggle with an electronic switch. Just a few wires to switch from one to the other, right? There are however pitfalls, and you can wind up ordering the wrong switch, without doing some checking beforehand."
"I installed the switch, and after interchanging the ""line"" and ""load"" wires, got it to work, and could manually"
I don't have a whole lot to add about the quality of this product. It works great and is easy to program. It's well constructed.
"Needing to replace aged timers for my home entry lights, I came across the Honeywell as meeting my functional needs and price point.  The timers, installed for about a month now, have not disappointed."
"I bought this timer switch for four outdoor lights at the front of my house. Each bulb maxing out at 100W, but I currently have CFLs installed."
"I just wanted to add in a review what is not absolutely clear in the product description. What I very specifically wanted, and had a hard time finding, was a light switch that automatically turned on my exterior lights at dusk, and then turned them off after either a certain number of hours, or at a certain time every night. It was not clear if this switch would do that exactly, as it says it has 'dawn to dusk' capability. A lot of switches have dawn-to-dusk, but I don't want my gate lights burning all night. I just want them on when it's conceivable that people and guests might be coming and going. A number of other switches were either dusk-to-dawn OR a time-specific on-off, but you couldn't combine the two functions into dusk-to-X-o'clock function."
"I wanted this because I'm always leaving my outside lights on all day, or forgetting to turn them on at night. It is also useful for peace of mind while away on vacation or if we are out late and not at home to turn the lights on when it gets dark."
"Product is very nice.  It is easy to install, providing you understand electrical wiring, and very easy to program. It would be nice if you could set an off only program though."
"This 3 wire timer was really easy to install and I was able to consolidate 2 outdoor switches into this one which controls my 3 CFL lights that are just under 40 watts total. The automatic sunrise/sunset schedule works perfectly with up to +/- 70 minutes adjustment. After comparing the on/off times from the timer to an official sunrise/sunset schedule for Seattle, I found the times to be off by about 10 minutes but no big deal. With the added flexibility of the 70min adjustment, I adjusted the Sunset ""On"" time +40minutes so the lights turn on just after dark, and -30 minutes on the Sunrise ""Off"" time so the lights turn off when it's still a little dark as well."
"This sounded like a good product, but after receiving two defective products and wasting too much time installing and uninstalling them, I opted for a refund."
"I have both the original Aube by Honeywell TI070-3W/U ECONO & this switch.  While they look and operate identically, during install and over a few months of owning the Honeywell RPLS740B version, I've noticed some design flaws:"
"The switch was pretty straight forward to install and relatively easy to program, but for the price, I was surprised when it lost the its time setting during a 7-hour power outage (shorter outages were no problem).  All of the other settings were fine, so it was not a huge deal to reprogram the time, but it just speaks for the limitations of the super-capacitor as a backup battery or maybe I just have a bad unit."
"This switch replaces the Aube TI071/U which I have owned for almost a year and have had absolutely no problems or complaints with (read my review for that as it also applies to this). The switches as far as I can tell are identical in every way, both in appearance and function. Like most other people I use them to turn my outdoor lights on and off though they have the ability to be used for more applications than that (some pool pumps, motors, towel warmers, etc.). The reason this is a fantastic automatic light switch is that can be programmed to YOUR specific lattitude and longitude. That is so the switch can automatically turn your lights on and off based on the sunrise and sunset of your exact location. As days and nights grow longer and shorter with the passing of seasons it keeps track of that, even daylight savings time, just set it and forget it. The wiring is a little more difficult than a regular light switch in  that it uses a neutral wire so be mindful of that. Oh, and by the way, it just looks so darn cool too."
"Ok, let me start by saying this is a wonderful timer, and the installation and programming was so much easier than I expected it would be..."
I ordered 4 of these and 3 went in like a charm. I carefully checked that they were compatible with CFL but never checked that they were 3 way compatible. Had to return one and just ordered an RPLS540B but it was my fault for not checking more carefully.
"This timer says that it maintains its programming when there is a power outage.This is true but be careful, it does maintains it programming but not the TIME. If the power outage is more than 3 hrs, you have to set the time again or else it will NOT work. This defeats the purpose why I bought it in the first place. I need a timer which will maintains its programming and TIME as well for at least a day or two. I had a swylite lst200 which did the trick but I accidently burnt it and now amazon does not have them in stock. Other that that , the product is great.If someone who knows of a timer like the one I like, please feel free to inform me."
I love this timer.  I've had different brands that were a nightmare to program but this one is very easy.  Don't let some of the other reviews scare you away.  I took 15 minutes to read the directions and then install it.  It took about 5 minutes to install and another 10 to program.  It's that easy.  The best part is that it follows a solar calendar to turn the lights on at dusk and off at dawn or anytime in-between that you choose.  You can program it to run up to 7 different programs and each program can be set to a particular day of the week or every day.  The screen is backlit and you can even adjust the brightness of it.
"I have a garage with 3 CFL bulbs which this switch handles although the total wattage is below the minimum for some other switches.  Previously had an Intermatic, which gave up the ghost after about 5 years.  Another Intermatic also failed after about 3 years.  My fiberglass wall box has 3 switches in it.  The previous Intermatics didn't need a ground wire, but this one does.  I didn't have the patience to pull all the wires out to locate the ground since it wasn't visible as a bare wire, so had an electrician do the install (along with solving a problem elsewhere with a cabinet light).  It seemed small enough so no problem fitting in the box.  The LED complained about by others presents no problem to us as the switch is on a side wall.  Programming took me awhile since I wanted it to come on after sunset and turn off before sunrise.  The instructions to enter the lat/long for my city (Anchorage, AK) were straightforward.  Trial and errors got me to a good setting.  Now I have to wait to see how durable it is.  Very pleased with the product so far."
"This is a fantastic, easy to use timer.  I have used other brands in the past which with display screens that were difficult to see.  This screen is clear, bright, and the display is large enough to see without being too large.  It's a snap to setup and works perfectly.  A great product which I highly recommend to everyone."
"Installs quickly, you need access to a white neutral wire but that should be easy. Menus are simple to follow unlike Intermatic which is insanely complex. Google 'latitude' and your city name to find the latitude and longitude to put in. Device will then adjust automatically for sunset and sunrise time changes."
"While this one is more pricey that the Intermatic ""mechanical knob"" timer I've had for years, it's infinitely more convenient.  No more monthly adjustments to account for the change in the sunset time.  I've got this one set to turn on my outside garage lights 10 minutes after sunset, and off at precisely 11:12 pm.  The unit automatically adjusts daily for the time of sunset based on the Lattitude/Longitude you enter during setup."
The RPLS740B is a great product. Had to go over the instructions a few times to get the sunrise sunset feature. And it works pefectly. The timing is very close
"This Honeywell RPLS740B appears to be the very best wall switch timer unit on the market today. It is quite simple to intall and use and has been operating flawlessly for six months now. I decided to replace older lesser model timers with this unit as older units used batteries and this Honeywell is fully operational without batteries and is a far more attractive unit when installed. Great job there Honeywell, this is the type of product I would expect from a reputable company."
"I purchased this switch as a replacement for a timer switch that was simpler.  There was one unfortunate side-effect of being 'simpler'; it ate a $12 battery every two months.  The evening this switch arrived, I installed it.  Installation was simple and without difficulty.  That the blue wire needs to be connected to the load is the only 'complication'.  If you don't know how to tell which black wire leads to the load, you may need someone to help."
"I cannot say enough good things about this product, but I'll try!  I already have two of these installed and can see using it to replace three more switches around the house to control outside lighting."
"I purchased two and these in-wall timer/switch units from Amazon.  They installed easily and work well to control my outdoor lights equipped with LED bulbs.  The description of the product says:  ""The programming is protected during power outages"" which is true, but the instruction sheet that comes with the unit says while the program settings are stored during a power outage the clock will need to be reset if the outage is more than 4 hours.  Thus is appears the programming info is protected (probably in flash memory), but the backup power source for the clock (probably just a capacitor rather than a battery) can keep the clock running for only 4 hours.  This is a real issue for me since I purchased these to use in a seasonal home where I will be away from for 5 months during the summer.  If the power is out for more than 4 hours the timmers stop working - bad design.  I have some cheap (i.e., $10) plug-in electronic timers that I use for inside lamps and their capacitor power backup keeps the clock running for a full week in case of a power outage. I would have expected as much from these Honeywell units."
"I owned the previous (Aube) generation of this product for about 10 years before it finally quit working.  The new unit has a couple of nice upgrades like the backlighting and the ""lights on"" indicator.  Plus daylight savings time is now handled automatically.  Great!"
"Install was easy. Needs a nuetral. It does not come with a face plate so don't forget to order one. Though programming took a little time. You need to know the latitude and longitude of your city and it has a chart with that information for most cities. If not listed, it gives you a website where to find it. Right after install we lost power for a couple hours and I thought I would have to reprogram but it stayed in memory."
This Honeywell Timer is a very economical solutuion for situations where you want automatic control of lights or motors.
"I was going to put individual photocell adapters in each of three coach lights wired to the same switch.  The photocell adapters have their own challenges, including being fooled by light they are attached to.  Since each of these lights is tied in to one switch, I thought a product like this would be a novel solution.  This product exceeded my expectations.  From an install perspective, it was not too bad.  I managed to wire it in about 10 minutes.  It does require a neutral wire in order to power the switch, so check to make sure you have one prior to ordering.  It is usually the one that is sitting behind all the others not being utilized."
"The property is very dark and we want the lights on in front, so they have been running for 2 years straight!  The sides and back of the house have motion sensored dusk-to-dawn flood lights.  Anyway, I have never seen anything like this.  So glad Amazon advertised it on the home page one day.  I suspect it will pay for itself by not needlessly running the front lights all day."
"I rarely write reviews, but after flailing with the GE timer switch I bought at Home Depot, I tried this one.  I am a layman when it comes to electricity, but this was a super easy to install and works really well.  Installed one for both my front porch lights and my rear porch lights."
"You can easily install this switch with basic ""do it yourself"" skills. I did not know that a neutral wire was required until I received the switch. It should be in Amazon's description as a clear warning. Fortunatly, I had a neutral wire. It is easy to determine. Look inside the box and, if you have a neutral wire(s), you will see white wires connected together with no wires running to a switch from there. The old switch should have two black wires to it (assuming it is your basic two way switch). It does matter which black wires go to the blue and black wires from the switch (I had them reversed on my first try)."
"Without a shadow of doubt this is the best wall switch timer I have ever had. It installs quickly with just a simple knowledge of home wiring (a white neutral wire however must be present) It is a true ""ON or OFF""  switch and thus will control any electric device within its rating, no minimum wattage. Programing is very easy, in fact I could have set it up without any directions at all. That is significant considering how much this timer is capable of doing.  Using the supplied table of latitude and longitude (or looking it up) keeps it in sync with sunrise and sunset. Dusk ""on"" can be delayed or advanced by 70 minutes, but shut off times can be anything. The display is easy to read and lights up when any button is pressed, and a handy blue LED indicates when the switch is ""ON"". I am VERY happy with it!"
"we have had a light control switch for our front door exterior lights for quite some time. When the last switch failed, after two replacements from another ""big box store"", I turned to Amazon and found the Honeywell Econoswitch. I have had dealings with Honeywell control devices in the past and were aware of the quality in their commercial products."
"My home is wired so strangely it took me a while to figure this out.  After i realized there was a hidden wall switch I needed to short, it turned on and has been working PERFECTLY for months."
