"As usual another great Sony Sound Bar; Excellent value for the price; Loaded with technology to handle all the latest multichannel audio technologies Dolby, DD+, DDTrue HD, DTS etc. and 3D pass-through."
"After a lot of research on Speaker system in general and about this product, I decided to give it a try. So far I am very happy with the purchase. I live in an apartment with living room size of around 20x20. So adding a high end true surround sound system (as many experts would suggest) was not in my plan. So I decided to get a soundbar system (which many experts frown upon), for the compact, portable and decent sound which was sufficient enough for my Apt. I am already a Sony TV/BD player owner and so the first choice was this product. It is very easy to setup. And the biggest draw for me this product (other than being Sony product to match with my TV/BD) was it has 3 HDMI inputs. In its class, I believe this is one of the products that gives 3 HDMI input which is good enough to hook up my Cable, BD & Media player. All the Cable, BD or PS# etc. HD output goes into the receiver and there is one output to TV HDMI in. So you don't need to change TV input, only the receiver input changes. Also there is a optical cable provided to connect the TV audio output back to receiver in case you use another component connected directly to TV instead of the receiver. Also once the reciever is turned on, the TV audio is automatically muted and the vice-versa, which is a very convinient feature, say if you like to just have TV speakers and not the big sound from this system when it is real quite. The wireless subwoofer setup is very easy, didn't have to configure anything. It was plug & play. Only issue is the wireless subwoofer needs power, so even its wireless, you still need to put it close to a power source. Another advantage I saw using this is if you are Sony TV/BD owner, you could use Sony Bravia to configure it as unified remote. This is very convenient and have instructions in manual to configure it. But I am a Logitech Harmony One remote user and haven't tinkered with Bravia. Logitech configuration was very easy with this product being listed on their system. The subwoofer I thought didn't have that big an effect at first, but when I increased the treble & bass, it seemed to be alright. Again this is not a true surround system, but still the sound ofcourse will be much better than TV speakers for sure. It also depends on one's room configuration since I read (on AVS forum) that you need furniture or other objects for the sound to reflect upon to get some sense of surround sound. There are multiple sound modes available - Movie, Music, Std, News, Sports etc. which enhances the sound output accordingly which I truly like. Have seen an instance where the picture/sound had mismatch, but you have an option to do an Audio Sync in the system. Once you turn is on, haven't seen it after that. The best experience I had has been watching BD movies. Truly enhances the sound quality and able to see the full vibrancy in this mode compared to others. Overall I am very happy with the product and would recommend. Of course the decision to get a audio-system depends on so many factors from the budget, size of room, existing system etc and once you jump into audio expert forums like AVS, they can bring in more clarity with their advise."
"I purchased this Sony HT-CT550W Sound Bar to go with my 55"" Sony Bravia KDL-55NX810 3D TV, and I'm glad I did.  For those of you with a newer Sony TV, I would recommend this Sound Bar not only for it's big and full sound, but for it's compatibility with Sony TV's as well."
"Before you read about why you NEED to have this sound bar system at this price and don't want to listen to me rant about why you should get this and just want short, straight to the point specs... just scroll to the bottom and learn the exact details about why you should be buying this sound bar in this price range!"
"I listened to several sound bars and true surround systems and read numerous reviews before deciding on this Sony system. It is the best bang for the buck without a doubt. It is not a true surround system, so if you really want true surround you'd better go with a 5.1 or 7.1 system. As far as sound bar goes, I would put up this Sony system against anything out there right now. I listened to the high end sound bars such as Bower Wilkins, Bose SR1 (both costs around $1,500 to $2,500) in the Magnolia section at Best Buy and at the Bose store to make sure they were set up properly. I also listened to some mid end sound bars from Harmon Kardon and Polk (around $600) and some low end systems from Samsung, LG, Vizio, etc..."
"Purchased earlier this week, I am blown away by the latest gen Sony soundbar.  I admit, I was apprehensive when I purchased it because there are so many soundbars to choose from.  I did my homework and read reviews of all of them and listened to a few (including the Bose and Samsung).  I decided on the Sony because of the technology, sound and value."
"I'll keep this short: the sound from this unit is adequate, but nothing phenomenal. I actually prefer the quality of my older Sony HT-CT150. It had better bass and clarity. This one has weaker bass and a slightly muddled sound."
My wife and I are extremely happy with this product and it exceeds our expectations. We began looking at different soundbars a few weeks ago as a possible solution to our growing frustrations with the poor and distorted sounds coming from the tiny speakers within our new Samsung 50 inch LCD TV. As we grow older our hearing is not what it used  to be so we have had to turn up the volume louder and louder in order to hear voices within the programs that we watch (sometimes to 100% but usually around 75%).
"I built a built-in cabinet in my living room so we could have a television in our main room.  The room is 25'x25' with 20' ceilings so it is on the larger size and with our tiled flooring, it can be a very tricky room when it comes to sound.  Also, since it is impossible to run any wires around the room without some serious scaffolding and dry wall work, a sound bar makes the most sense.  The wired Sony received several solid reviews, including a best buy from Consumer Reports, but I was intrigued by the wireless subwoofer as it changes the way all of the wiring is handled and presented the most simplistic solution.  However, I typically spend the extra money for higher quality audio visual equipment, as I believe you tend to get what you pay for - cheap sounds cheap - so I was skeptical to begin this process.  I debated about the $1,600 Bose system and some other higher end sound bar systems as I knew they would produce quality sound and despite the price difference, I would buy them, install them and be done.  However, I decided to give these speakers a try first and if they didn't work out, I would take them back and drop the incremental cash."
I am reviewing this product as well as Sony's customer service.
"I bought from Amazon a SONY BRAVIA XBR55HX929 55-Inch 1080p 3D Local-Dimming LED HDTV with Built-In Wi-Fi, Black. Indeed, this is one fantastic HDTV. (See my review.)"
"This system is excellent.  If you are expecting 5.1 sound, then forget about it - this is not for you.  However, if you a looking to strike a balance between (1) convencinece, (2) sound qualitty and (3) price, then this is it.  Shop no further.  This system has sound quality on par with the much more expensive Yamaha sound bar systems.  Set up takes about 10 minutes - it will take you longer to get it out fo the box than to actually set it up.  And the cost - I got mine for less thant three hundred fifty dollars.  Word of advice, though, go into the menu and raise the level of the subwoofer and the center channel.  I put them both on 4.  Using HDMI also greatly increases the sound quality since you cannot get most of the codecs without HDMI using this system."
I am not an audiophile by any means and I have no complaints about the quality.  It has more range than expected from the bar and the subwoofer is great too when boosted up.  I won't miss my 5:1 system that I subbed out for this when I saw the price drop.
I bought this soundbar more as an experiment after trying out
"I just purchased and received this sound bar from Amazon.  I've only had it for 1 1/2 days, but I've watched a movie with it, tested it on others, listed to music, etc.  Below are the primary pros and cons:"
"First off, I didn't order this from amazon (but I did order the ARC hdmi cables for it through amazon)."
The set up was easy.  Connected my DVR and Blu Ray player to the receiver and it worked like a charm..
"I was about to pack this unit up and return it to Amazon. The sound was weak and nothing I could do in the settings came close to making it even remotely tolerable. As a last ditch effort, I followed the advice in another review and bought a ""high speed with ethernet"" HDMI cable and instantly got what you'd expect from $300 speakers. I had been using an older HDMI cable that I bought a few years back and never thought to question it since the video quality was stellar. Makes you wonder how many of the bad reviews here are simply because they were using older, lower bandwidth cables."
"It was a tough decision trying to choose a sound bar from researching heavily through Cnet, Google and Amazon, I wanted something that had HDMI input, great bass sound, a wireless sub with wireless audio playback.  Well, it came down to the Sony HT CT 150, Sony HT CT 550, LG WSB 316, and Samsung HW 450.  Out of these, the HTCT550 took prominence because it had a wireless sub w/ HDMI input.  Although, it had received mixed reviews from the sound, I had encountered the review by LDB which gave a thorough overview of how to configure the settings to give it a pleasing sound.  I took notes on the settings and messed with it, to compare it to the other settings a man, there is a big difference!  One tweak I would make is to keep 2 way channel mode on and don't use the other ones.  In comparison to the other sound bars, the CT 150 had a huge subwoofer and it was wired, the HW 450 didn't have HDMI, the LG sound bar didn't either but had bluetooth which was cool, but then i discovered that you could use a Bluetooth music receiver by Belkin.  Luckily, it was Black Friday sales, so I was able to get the HT CT 550 for $242 and the Bluetooth receiver for $18.  I am very satisfied with my HT CT 550 sound bar.  When using the Belkin receiver to play music from my MacBook and/or iPhone, the sound is phenomenal!"
"I grabbed this sound bar while it was on sale over the holidays. Set up for the most part was painless, though with the stubby tv stand provided for the Bravia KDL-40BX420, I'll be needing to buy separate brackets to mount the sound bar on top of the screen. Read the manual during set up. Skipping the instructions might tempt some people, but I urge you to take your time."
"I don't often write reviews, but I want to warn people about this system. I have the ""prior generation"" model, the 350, and I did a side-by-side comparison. The earlier model just blows this one away. I'm not sure why Sony downsized the speakers and removed the center channel, but the results are clearly not good. The sound is flat in comparison. I'd avoid it unless the wireless subwoofer is important to you."
"Purchased this unit (the first one) June 1st, 2012. I had intended on using it as a replacement for my 5.1 gaming system, as the square footage required to actually set up a 5.1 was simply inconvenient and bothersome. I routed all audio to the included receiver through my Creative Titanium HD sound card, and to be fair, once I got all the settings correct (switch receiver setting to 'TV', and the treble and bass to my satisfaction) and attained the required cables (needed a 10ft toslink to mini-toslink and a 3ft 3D compliant HDMI cable), it didn't sound half bad. Not fantastic, by any means. And certainly not true 5.1, but I set the sound bar above my my monitor, the sub-woofer in the cubby hole area of my PC center/desk (what I like to call the 'cockpit'), and the unit actually did a fair job of simulating surround sound. Again, not a true 5.1 surround sound system, but I deemed it an acceptable replacement for a true 5.1 gaming audio system when a true 5.1 system simply isn't feasible."
"Okay I'm sorry but I have to start out by saying that those folks expect ""surround sound"" and a movie theater experience with this ONE speaker and bass system are probably the same people giving this product 1 or 2 stars on the review. We have a fairly large living room with wood floors so I was worried about how any sound system might sound in our home. We are pre-wired for surround sound but we honestly didn't want to spend the money. So my husband and I (after months of research) decided on this product. We could not be MORE pleased with this product. We used the exact settings that were recommended in another review and the sound is just superb.  The bass is awesome -- I can be in the bathroom and hear a slight vibration in the walls from the bass (but not enough to be annoying, just enough to make you smile and appreciate the system I bought). The sound really fills the room and in addition, my kitchen is off the living room and I can turn it up loud enough to hear crystal clear as if I've got it at a volume good enough just sitting in front of the TV. We have noticed some channels are not as fabulous as others but that's the show/channel -- not the system (for example NBC sounds way better than FOX lol). I really like how this as the SMARTNET or whatever it's called technology. Meaning my Samsung remote, or my Panasonic DVD remote, or my UVerse cable box remote works to control the sound on this product. Helps reduce the amount of remotes we have laying around. The only issue I have with this product is that it has it's own receiver. We already had a receiver that allowed you to use Speaker A and Speaker B (we wanted to be able to connect our outdoor patio speakers into the same receiver so we could stream music out on the patio. But meh, whatcha going do, we're so happy with this in our living room, it's a price we'll pay for having to find another source for our patio. No regrets!"
"Just got this sound bar last week. This after a long search for a sound bar system with decent sound, some form of receiver with extra HDMI ports including IR for remote, plus a wireless sub. The HTCT150W was our first consideration, however the wired sub/receiver that had to be in line of sight due to location of IR receiver was a dealbreaker."
"After doing some searches to find the most family friendly setup, this is what I decided on. I needed something that you wouldn't have to switch multiple inputs or unplug cables, it just needed to work. I'm happy to say, this system has worked perfectly. With one place to change my A/V for 3 devices, this has made watching what you want with great sound very easy."
"Regarding the product, my son-in-law, Stephen was the one who found this deal on the net.  Since we have a Sony TV, he recommended we get a Sony Sound Bar to insure compatibility.  When he hooked it up, it sounded great. And he did it in a way so we needed to use only one remote.  As for the purchase experience, we were very pleased with that as well.  We got a good deal and the product came in earlier than expected.  Thank you Stephen and thank you Amazon."
"first time reviewing an item, and after a lot of reading i went and bought the ct550w. let me say with a few tweaks bass @ 3 treb @ 6 AND sub 3 and the sound bar bangs, ok not like a real 5.1 but for the 230 bucks i spent cant get any better then this.. good job sony....."
"I had purchased a SONY HD TV for my parents for their anniversary, and as expected, the sound quality coming from the T.V. was totally unacceptable. I decided to purchase a Sound Bar for them to compensate for the lack of sound emanating from the T.V."
"Setup was pretty easy. Sound is really good. Don't buy this if you are expecting stellar 5.1 sound. Buy this if you want an excellent sounding tv that fills the room with full, clear, balanced sound. There are 3 components: subwoofer (1 power wire), soundbar (1 wire to router unit), and router unit (1 power cord, 1 wire to tv, and however many wires from input devices). The router unit will have to be close to the tv and various devices. The soundbar will have to be close to the router. The subwoofer can be put anywhere in the room (I put it in an open corner of the living room and turned the bass down a bit, sounds rich and deep without being overpowering)."
"I spent months doing research on a home theater system before pulling the trigger on this sound bar system and I'm glad that I did. It took months for me to decide because I was skeptical about using a sound bar. I've only used true 5.1 channel HTS in the past, so I was very skeptical about the sound that this system can deliver. I recently moved to a townhouse and decided that I would take a chance on these since I didn't want wires running all throughout the living room. My living room is about 25 by 14 ft, so I also didn't want anything that took up too much space."
"Like most others I read the review from (LDB???) and applied the suggested settings and it sounded great.  Out-of-the-box, this unit will sound hollow like a tin can.  I hope if you read this review,  you need to adjust the levels to bring out the full potential of this unit."
"I went from a Sony 7.1 to this awesome Sony 2.1 I got it like like new but more like used from Amazon for my 60"" Sony lx900 3dtv 240HZ. soundbar is awesome & loud sounds like a 5.1. Sub is powerful & nice. Sound from cable Tv is great. But from Ps3 & blu-ray with 3D ON IS WHERE THIS 2.1 BECOMES EPIC... DTS HD & DDHD = 5.1 3D SOUNDBAR...IS AWESOME"
"The soundbar and subwoofer definitely enhance the Sony 55"" TV! It is a real joy to listen to The Voice or X Factor as well as movies. The sound really fills the room and gives it dimension. Very satisfied and easy enough to connect."
"My wife and I had our eyes on a BOSE Cinemate Series II System that runs about $600.  I've listened to it in-store at a BOSE shop and it does sound great.  However, I am not a big fan of seeing too many wires from electronics so I wanted to get a simple soundbar+subwoofer set-up.  BOSE has one but for a whopping $1500.  Too bad I ain't that rich."
"I recently moved into a new home where I didn't want to mess with all the hard wiring for a 5.1 surround sound system.  I had one in my previous house and loved it, so it was going to be tough to give up."
"I have the previous version of this soundbar and I like it, but it had limited possibilities for location due to the subwoofer being wired and the sheer size (its huge). This soundbar is a huge step forward in comparison."
"It was well-packed, and it went together easily. The receiver is a convenient addition, as it allows hook-ups without moving the speaker bar. The wireless woofie is a great item."
"It has the familiar Sony-style menu structure. It does have fairly weak bass for the size of the subwoofer, however I did read this elsewhere and that wasn't going to be a problem for me since I have a separate 7.1 surround system I use for movies."
"This soundbar was a perfect addition to my Sony 3D television, the soundbar is thin and powerful. My television is placed in my living room and I have a high ceiling so I was very surprised in the quality of the sound. It all comes down to adjusting the bass/treble to the correct settings, for bigger rooms I suggest having your treble at +3 to +4 and the bass to +2. Setup was easy, look is very clean. This item is highly recommended."
"Dont let the title mislead you. This sound bar package is great, but it is not a direct replacement for a full 5.1 or 7.1 system, however it does a VERY GOOD job at producing a virtual 5.1 sound. Use the recommended settings in other reviews and tweak to your room/ear. Overall, I am very pleased with this system. It prevents a cluttered living room with a lack wires and a receiver. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to get good sound (music, movies, and games) without having to wire up a true surround sound system. Extremely happy I pulled the trigger on this setup."
