"I received my SX260 last Wednesday and have taken about 700 shots and a few quick 5 minute video. Without writing a novel, here are the high/low points of this unit. In addition to this unit, I also purchased a couple of aftermarket batteries (and after market A/C adapters for about $5.00 each) for about $5.00 each and the batteries work fine. With the battery (original and aftermarket) I was able to get over 300 shots (50% flash) with zooming and playback and the battery meter still showed about 25% charge remaining."
"I am an experienced amateur photographer and I've owned many cameras over the past 40 years. I've had some photos published but photography has always been strictly a hobby, though a serious one. I shoot with a Canon 7D, Rebel backup, various 'L' lenses, and I also use an Olympus E-P1 occasionally as well as a Canon S90 and Powershot 1100S (kept in my glovebox for 'emergencies'). I enjoy taking pictures."
"I couldn't decide between these three cameras (and their variants, the Sony HX30 and the Panasonic ZX20) because many of the reviews of each made the cameras sound very similar.  So, I went out and bought (from merchants who accepted returns) one of each of these three cameras (I didn't need WI-FI or GPS, so that's how I settled on these less expensive variants).  And then I took photos and videos in various conditions.  I am not a professional photographer, and I didn't do Imatest or any other specific tests on the images (you can read C/net for that), but this is an experience of a regular person who was taking pictures and videos with these three cameras side by side, which is a comparison that you do not often see."
"Canon SX260 HS: I'm happy to say that I was one of the first people to buy this camera. I bought it from one of the sellers on Amazon Marketplace, before it was officially released (it wasn't even available on amazon.com itself when I bought it)."
"I purchased this camera a full month before it was released on Amazon for an upcoming trip to southeast asia. As luck would have it, it arrived the day before my flight took off. I've had good luck with Canon cameras in the past and their picture quality is among the best. The SX260 caught my interest mainly because of the 20x zoom. There are already a couple of reviews going into detail about all of the features so I won't be redundant. Just let me say that there are more features than you will probably use. I will play around with the myriad of shooting modes from time to time, but mostly I will do 99% of my shooting in P mode, tweaking settings as I desire on the fly. I love the GPS feature; I will keep it permanently on so that all of my pics are geo-tagged. The Canon imagebrowser software that comes with the camera will show you the exact location on Google earth where the pic was taken. Pretty cool! I used the movie digest feature during my trip and like it very much. The camera will record three second snippets of video before each pic is taken then stitch them all together into one video. Again, pretty cool! The battery life was a major complaint on the previous model SX230. I did not have any battery life issues with this camera, but then again, I only take about 50 to 60 pictures in a day. I spent several days exploring the Khmer temples in Cambodia, taking my 50 to 60 pictures and at the end of the day the battery level indicator was at half.  If you take a lot of pics then you may want an extra battery. With my shooting style, the battery life is fine. The picture quality is excellent. The somewhat slow lens gave me a little pause when I was making a purchasing decision, but it turns out that the CMOS sensor coupled with the HS system more than makes up for it. Turns out this camera is the best low-light performer I have had. I love the zoom. 20x optical plus 4x digital means a full 80x. I took a lot of pics at 80x during my trip and was pleased with the results. Even at 80x, the image stabilization was able to give me a clear pic in full sunlight. I found that I needed to steady myself in lower light to get a clear shot which is to be expected. The camera feels sturdy and has a nice ""heft"" for its size. I did drop it twice onto solid concrete (not like me at all) during my trip with no ill effects, thank God. So I guess it is solidly built inside as well. My only gripe with this camera is the very annoying location of the flash. It pops up where you naturally want to put your finger. Many times, my finger was in the way when it tried to pop up and it ""jammed"" causing an error message that said to turn the camera off and then back on. That always corrected it but I was afraid I would eventually cause it to break. I considered downgrading the rating to four stars because of this but eventually I trained myself to place my finger behind where the flash pops up and no longer do I have any issues with this."
"This is the best camera you can buy at this price. I feel like i wasted money buying my SLR camera because I rarely take it out because it's so big, heavy, awkward, and even embarrassing. Please go to a huge retail store and play with this camera and compare it to all others, you'll see it's the best camera out now based on specs, design and performance.  I also have a nikon s9100 which is slightly inferior to this camera in both design (accidentally turns on all the time) and performance(and we all know its either canon or nikon for best photos). Please read the cnet reviews and and any other reviews on this camera. Compact megazooms are taking over. Any review you read will be comparing this camera's performance to a thousand dollar SLR set up. I print flawless 8x10 pictures with this camera. Save your money and buy this camera because the best camera is the one you have on you. Who wants to carry around a backpack when this canon fits in any shirt pocket and gives you excellent photos with excellent manual controls and an excellent auto mode. Go play with it at the store, and than buy it on amazon where you know its cheaper. Probably the best point and shoot of the year."
"As many other reviewers, even folks who typically prefer SLRs, have said, sometimes it's just more convenient and spontaneous to use a point and shoot than a full-blown SLR. You just pull it out of your pocket or bag and go. I bought this camera to replace a Canon PowerShot SX210 IS which I bought a couple of years ago and was never really happy with. It took fairly good pictures, but somehow was not that fun to use. The SX 260 was the perfect replacement. It's basically an update of the older model, but in my opinion, is a vast improvement. The pictures look much better to me, and I rarely use anything but the Auto modes and presets. The combination of 20x zoom and great image stabilization get fantastic shots. We were recently in New Orleans for JazzFest and took a lot of pictures far from the stage, zoomed in to a single performer and I was shocked by how good the images were. It was daylight, so take that into consideration. It also is very quick to be ready to take multiple shots without waiting a long time. The wide angle shots also look better to me, as the SX210 seem to blur those shots considerably at the edges. I mostly use presets for certain conditions, like low-light shots, as opposed to effects, but they all seem to work well if you're into that. The video looks ok, but we don't shoot much. My wife and I typically take hundreds of pictures when we go on trips and have been since the days of film. We never bothered with a film SLR either, but when we look at shots from the film point and shoot days, there is no comparison. Digital wins hands-down, especially on this camera. Often many of the shots we take are multiples of the same scene to make sure we get at least one good one. (We sure didn't do THAT in the film days!) With this camera, we usually have more than one good one from a single series and it's even harder to decide on a keeper. If you are looking for a great quality replacement or improvement from your current digital point and shoot, or an alternative to your SLR, this camera deserves your attention. After around half a dozen digital point and shoots over the years, I feel like I finally found one that measures up."
"We just returned from a trip overseas and brought both the S95 and the SX260. We have owned the S95 for the past 2 years and really liked the camera but we wanted to get another camera as a backup and also to get one with a higher optical zoom. We tested both cameras in multiple situations on the trip and came to the conclusion that the S95 takes better night shots but the SX260 takes better shots in the day and the 20X optical zoom is extremely useful. The S95 allows you to go full manual but the SX260 gives you many options to play with your photo taking. Overall, if I could only take one camera I would take the SX260 because the optical zoom and picture quality is great. The night photos were pretty good too but not as good as the S95 (obviously if you are planning on taking more night shots, then the S95/100 would probably be better for you). On a side note, the GPS on the SX260 sucks battery life very quickly and the camera has a difficult time finding the GPS signal (we left it off for most of the trip)"
"I am revising my review because I just returned the camera to Canon. On reviewing the videos taken in quiet rooms, I found that I had clicks and whirs. Perhaps it is something about the autofocus mechanism but a properly designed microphone shouldn't be picking up internal sounds."
"After reading many reviews about the video, I originally thought my video sound was okay when I got my new SX260 until I compared it to my SX230. I shot a quick video with both using the same SD card. There is definitely a sound difference. My SX230 sound is totally clear. On the SX260 it's not a squeal like the other posts, but an evident equipment hiss during playback. I'm going to try another SX260 and compare. I don't mind a subtle sound as long as it does not cover up my video subject sounds."
"I have been using this camera now for a while. I come from the SLR film days and needed something that would provide full manual (just enough) controls that would allow me to tweak settings if I wished.  This camera is a 90% fit for me in this regard.  No use having all of the bells and whistles and not be able to grab it and carry it along and end up missing the shot.  There are compromises, notably some quality, for the convenience.  If all you end up printing on is letter sized photo paper, you'll be fine.  I use a Canon Pixma 980 and the results are as good as my SLR stuff from 25 years ago, all instantly, compared to those days.  Take the time and go through the manual (it's a pity that it only comes in pdf format) it is really worth it.  That being said, it's a lot to digest in one go, so give yourself some time to work through the features (and there are many).  Seems that each setting has some gems buried in sub-layers of settings.  Unless you clearly understand the basics and what the terms mean, it can get quite intimidating.  The auto modes do work well though, and if you understand the impact of high ISO, various shutter speeds and aperture values, you can always tweak things yourself.  The bottom line is that it does a fine job of both auto and manual shots.  The wide to superzoom is really great, and combined with some really good low/natural light capabilities, this camera is lots of fun.  The most confusing thing for me when I first held it was ""where do I hold it?"" It's so small, that I really do not know where to place my fingers at times, but the metal feel is sturdy.  The flash can be a bit annoying sometimes, but I've worked that out by mainly shooting in ""auto"" and setting ""no flash"" until I do really need it.  The GPS feature is handy, but I would not use it unless travelling around.  Get lots of spare batteries, you'll need them, as battery life is not too good.  Also get a good case, as the lens can be easily damaged.  There is lots more that I can say about this camera, nearly all good; but I'll leave it here for now.  P.S. Do not be afraid of the digital zoom, this one can actually get a really far off shot if necessary, and the blur is understandable, but tolerable."
"We travel often, and I am a serious-amateur photographer, taking many photos on every trip, both in the US and in Europe.  One of my criteria is that the camera must be one I can carry in my pants or jacket pocket so it's always ready, but still high quality enough to take excellent photos and videos, be versatile, and have a processor that allows me to take good shots without a flash in places such as museums, cathedrals, castles, and other interior sites.  Most of cameras have been Canons, and they have performed well."
The Canon SX260 HS has a zoom lens of astounding power and quality that covers the range from an ultra wide 25mm out to a 500mm long range zoom that enables you to get a good photo of the batter from a seat in center field.
"First let me say that I have a Nikon D80 that I love.  However, I really wanted a compact camera that could fit in my pocket easily so that I didn't have to tote the big Nikon everywhere.  After tons of research, I first tried a Sony and returned it after one day because the pictures all looked like water paintings.  At that point, I was worried that no compact camera would give me the picture quality I was seeking and accustomed to with my DSLR.  Oh, how I was wrong."
"After reading more than 200 product and customer reviews about this and several other cameras, I decided that more than anything else I really wanted the 20x optical zoom and I really wanted the quality of photo I've come to expect from Canon. Nevertheless, I was very worried about the whining noise other reviewers reported hearing during video playback.  Although this is primarily a photo camera for me, I still like to be able to take videos of some things; and I especially like being able to do it with the same camera that I use for photos; because I don't want to carry more devices than is absolutely necessary. If you can't already tell, I'm a point and shoot kind of guy.  That said, I know a few professional photographers, so I recognize the difference between a good photo and an average one."
"NOTE: My previous review stated some strong concerns about a high-pitched audio frequency coming through all the videos. We exchanged the first camera, but the 2nd was not pronounced enough to ding the review significantly for. I have revised the star rating to match, though I'm not convinced it's gone..."
"Like many other reviewers, I spent countless hours researching before purchasing. I seriously debated between this camera and the Panasonic Lumix DMC- ZS15"
"So as to not repeat many other reviews, I would refer you to the review by E. Tam on March 20, 2012. This review is a good review and assessment of the SX260."
"All the reports of a high pitch noise been recorded on video mode are true. I bought this camera at Best_Buy and it had the same issue, this problem is extremely widespread and if you see the camera been sold at a discount is probably because the store knows they have a problem and are dumping them on uninformed buyers. Do not underestimate this noise, it will ruin your wedding video for sure or any video shot in a semi-quiet environment.  Shame on Canon for not issuing a recall. Sadly there is no way to test the cameras been sold on internet stores and they are not easy to return."
"Today, I received this camera which I ordered online days ago. The camera looks beautiful and I like its design. I took several pictures, the quality of pictures is nice."
"I bought the Cannon SX260HS for a long list of reasons. Primarily I needed an updated camera to replace my much loved Panasonic DMC-TZ3 we bought almost 5 years ago. A lot has changed in compact zoom ""travel"" cameras since then! I still wanted the quality optical zoom, but I now knew I wanted image stabilization, and manual settings for ISO, aperture/iris, and focus for both photos and videos. The aperture/iris setting is (somewhat) adjustable in the 1080p and iFrame but not in the 640x480 320x240 high speed modes. The ability to have a so many quality options in a light weight compact camera even though I shoot video professionally on professional cameras this camera is still quite fun to use."
"I have a Canon EOS 60D and I was looking for a portable camera to use when i can't carry my EOS. I have to say that I'm very pleased by the results of this little camera. It has a perfect size, the grip can be a little tricky specialy when the flash comes out, because it's hidden and pops out when you are going to use it. The pictures and the video quality are very good, and the zoom is excelent. I really like the feature of the night shots. The lowest point I think is the battery life, specially with the GPS on. Overall I think it's an excelent pocket camera."
"I want to preface that I am not a professional or very dedicated photographer. My review is for people like me: love photography, use mostly scene settings, some manual tinkering (aperture and shutter speed priority) and love to take scenery and wildlife pictures. I am in the market for a smaller camera to take to my hikes/travel etc. to replace my Lumix FZ28 which was stolen on my recent trip to Costa Rica. I already have a Nikon D5100 which I love and takes great pics, but it was just to heavy and bulky to take it along. I purchased both a Canon SX260HS and a Lumix ZS19 to try out because both their specifications seem comparable and I trust both brands. I took pics side by side with these two cameras, and here are my observations:"
"As 'advanced amateurs' my wife and I have owned numeous Canon cameras and camcorders, as well as several other makes over the years. When we learned of the new Canon SX260 with a 20X zoom we immediately checked it out and then purchased one through Amazon.com. It arrived just before the April, 2012 Washington DC Cherry Blossom Festival began so our first use was to record the beautiful cherry blossoms at the Tidal Basin. We both own earlier Canon ELPH's, an SD700 and SD850, which are great little 4X 'point & shoots' for carrying with us everywhere we travel, so we wanted to see the comparison in quality, as well as to utilize the greater 20X zoom capabilities of the the SX260 which coincides nicely with my Canon 20X Vixia HD camcorder."
"I've owned several Panasonic cameras starting with the TZ3.  I recently bought the ZS20/TZ30 and was disappointed in how fuzzy the photos looked.  So I bought a Canon SX260 and spent an afternoon taking identical shots with each. I started in the bright of day and finished well after dark using a tripod for the shots.  While the Panasonic has more features, the Canon far outperformed in image quality.  The Canon at ISO 1600 is similar to the Panasonic at ISO 500. At ISO 100 the Canon shots just look better. I'm returning the Panasonic and keeping the Canon."
"Received this camera from Amazon around Oct. 16th. All was well, shot probably 150-200 pictures in a month and a half. This weekend for Thanksgiving, pulled the camera out to take pictures of the family and I couldn't see the LCD screen. I barely saw movement and when I went to the picture view mode it stayed dark but would, intermittently, return to normal. Rushed to the computer to see if I was within the return window for Amazon, LOL, it ended Nov 19th, a few days ago. So now it is on it's way to a Canon Service Center for repairs. Says it's under warranty and I won't be charged for service but it cost $11 to get it there. We'll see how this goes, but not boding well for this Canon, so far. Will follow up with updates when I get it back..."
"I had two cameras before purchasing this one, a small Nikon Coolpix which I liked to carry around and a larger Canon SX10 IS with good zoom and other features but a bulky size and often got left at home for this reason. I bought this camera because it looked like it combined the features and zoom of the larger canon with the pocket size of the Nikon. I have been using it a few weeks and am happy to report that it is a good replacement for both cameras. I even went on a vacation where I was taking a lot of pictures inside caves and most of them turned out very nice. When outside I got good blues in the sky on most photos, and got good macro shots of food and drinks. I did not have too many poor pictures, but I do seem to get more blurry pictures than with the SX10 IS, because this camera is so much smaller and lighter that it is less stable to hold, especially if you are zoomed in a lot. I loved the small size and don't expect I ever want to carry a larger camera again if I can get this kind of zoom and quality from a pocket sized camera. There is a bit of a learning curve at first, but I suggest trying different modes and settings and learning the camera before going on vacation as the ""auto"" mode does not always produce the best results. I do find myself changing the mode often."
"I've had Canon powershots for many years.  Left my last one on a return flight from Alaska and forget it if the airline will make an effort to get it returned to you.  I've heard it's finder's keeper's for the cleaning crew.  So anyway...I tried a Sony Cybershot.  But it was slow on start-up, and erasing images, and just slow overall.  It took great pictures though.  So, I decided to give that one to my daughter and ordered this Canon SX260.  I took it recently on a trip to Utah and Yellowstone.  And all I can say is WOW.  It performed beautifully.  Start-up is awesome for those quick shots you don't have much time to prepare for, the color saturation was incredible, it even did good on quick moving shots through the RV window!  Took handheld pictures of a full moon with the camera set at 80x zoom, and they were incredible. You can make out the craters in finer detail than any other camera I've ever had.  It is small, compact, sturdy and solid. Buttons and programs are easy and explanatory. The Sony camera is better on the panorama feature versus the archaic style stitch-assist on the Canon.  But I found I didn't use those landscape pictures much.  Also, the ""smooth skin"" mode on the Sony is superb in comparison to Canon's similar feature.  Wrinkles disappear on the Sony's - not so with the Canon.  I guess you can't have it all.  But I do not regret getting this camera!"
"I am so disappointed with this camera. I purchased it after reading the hundreds of glowing reviews  and found it to be an abysmal choice for my family. I guess if you were only shooting landscapes in brilliant sunlight, it might be an acceptable camera, but for capturing two young kids and the joy of Christmas it is a horrid choice."
"I have taken enough photos and test videos with this camera to know I am going to like it a lot. I already have a Canon Power Shot, so I was already familiar with many of the menu items. The primary reason I bought this camera was so I could have HD video capabilities in my shirt pocket that coupled with decent still shots as well. The images this camera produces are much less noisy than the images shot with my wife's Panasonic ZS20. The biggest negative I have found with this camera is when the flash pops up I always have my finger placed on the spot where the flash is. I have had to restart the camera 3 or 4 times because I have caused the flash to jam. Hopefully, I can get used to placing my left hand in another position. I have found the extreme zoom capabilities while videoing to be awesome. I don't really see the need for a dedicated video camera as long as I have the SX260. I don't regret my purchase at all."
"I have enjoyed using this camera for a couple of weeks. Good quality photos in general. The position of the flash is unfortunate, however. The flash pops up in the upper left corner and the first few times I obstructed it by my way of holding the camera. The camera must be held without touching the upper left corner or you can damage the flash mechanism.  Strange design. Otherwise it has plenty of features and powerful zoom."
"I love(d) this camera.  I got it mainly for the zoom, because I take mostly outdoor shots when I can't get too close.  I've had 2 SD 1200IS cameras and one SD 1300 IS. I loved them too, but since they were in my pocket every single day, they tended to get spots on the sensors, leaving dark specks on the photos.  The SX 260 is a little large for a pocket, so I got a case.  The jury is still out on the sensor spots on this one since I only have had it for about 4 months. It does take super photos."
Canon Powershot SX260 versus SONY Cybershot DSC-HX9v
"Yes, it is a dark pink (magenta.) I like the photos and it zooms nicely. I have a 4 year old who does not like to pose for pictures long and this was a good camera to capture those quick moments.  I purchased two additional lithium batteries which last SOOO much longer than the one it came with.  I also have a 32gb sd card I purchased on amazon that wouldn't work in an older canon camera that works perfectly with this power shot.  I was able to take pictures of Jupiter and the three moons around it,  It also took very clear pictures of the moon that I can zoom in and see closer.  The flash pops up and can be difficult when you ask someone to take a picture and they have their finger over the flash. But I would definitely recommend. I read a lot of reviews before finally giving in and buying one."
"First impressions of picture and video quality are great. My old camera wouldn't take a good picture in our house at night even with all the lights on because everything looked so grainy. This thing took fast pictures and quality was crystal clear in low light even when I zoomed in later looking back through my pictures I was super happy with the clairity. Shot some video of my 6 year old jumping around and it looked great, then I tried the slow motion options and was impressed. If you go too slow it is not that impressive, but the regular slow motion was fun to watch. Haven't even got that far with the setting because the auto mode has worked so well."
"I checked one out at Best Buys.  It felt good in my hands, it was made well too.  The body is metal.  Small but not tiny.  Auto focus was fast and accurate.  Ordered one from Amazon at a better price.  Shipped fast, and for free with prime.  The optic zoom is amazing at 20x, the digital zoom was also clear to my surprise.  I next took a photo of a flag waving in a light breeze from 200 feet away.  At 20x the moving flag was no match for this cameras stabilized zoom.  Next I zoomed out to 80x (combined 20x optical, by 4 digital) once again I captured the moving flags ever detail clearly.  The image clearly showed, every stitch on the flag.  All indoor photos were perfect too."
"Very pleased with our new Power Shot SX260.  We have a SLR digital and a Canon S90 that we love, but wanted a pocket camera with a good zoom for longer trips.  This little camera is amazing.  We tested it on our boat in moderate choppy water on Charlotte Bay, FL and were pleasantly surprised with the resolution at full zoom.  We shot some photos of a guy fishing about 75 - 100 yards away and the detail and clarity were excellent.  For our next trip out of the country we will probably leave the SLR at home (for the first time) and use this along with our S90.  I do miss having the ""Beach"" and other options that the S90 has, but the long zoom on the SX260 is a wonderful feature.  This will probably become our primary camera."
"Great camera, takes great pictures and feels good in your hands. I like a bigger point a shoot, so this one felt good, and does not feel like it's made of cheap materials. The zoom is great, and I've never had unfocused pictures."
"The SX260 is a highly desirable camera in its class, one of only two long zooms on the market that I can recommend. Image quality is of course limited by any small-sensor camera, but this unit is the pick of the current litter for a 20x true optical compact with a GPS. It is a clear notch better than the still very good Panasonic ZS-20, though the ZS-20 runs about fifty bucks less."
I am very pleased with this camera.  There are more options on it than I will ever use.  I like all the extra effects you can apply when taking the pictures.  Great for what I need which is to point and shoot as my kids do some of the most amazing things ;)  I would definitely recommend this.
