"If you buy this phone on amazon or anywhere else for the $1000+ price tag, your just a fool. This phone is great, but only slightly better than the 4S which also runs ios6. The iPhone 5 has a bigger screen which is useful, a slightly better processing chip, and that's about it. If you don't own an iphone, getting a 4 or 4S is a better deal since will cost you like 40% less but is only like 10% inferior to the iphone 5."
"Warning: My reviews are thorough, straight forward, and to the point..."
"I've owned the iPhone 4,Samsung Galaxy S3, and have tried the HTC Evo and Samsung Note, and was weary to upgrade to the iPhone 5. Apple delivered, but some say they delivered to little and I agree."
Pro:
"After flip-flopping between all major mobile electronics OS's I have come to love iOS. The design of the system is not perfect, but nonetheless it gets the job done quickly and without hassle. In a mobile communications device you expect two main things, one of which is consistency in operation. My iphone 5 does that well, If i need to make a phone call it gives me ways to do that quickly. Even while im in a call the options to hold, remind, and merge calls is fantastic. Simple tasks that i felt android and blackberry made too difficult. On the hardware side of things my iphone can handle most multimedia applications with no problem, and the retina screen makes them that much more enjoyable. Some say that the OS is restrictive, that is true but with restriction you gain consistency and the peace of mind knowing things that are meant for the iphone will just work. Apple has come a long way from the original iphone that lacked even MMS. With iMessage, your messages are synced across iDevices and make for sms between iDevices flawless. Except, when the service is down, which has happened several times over the past few months. Even with this the iphone can switch to regular text messaging. The camera on the iphone is nice, still doesnt replace a dedicated camera, but for something that you put in your pocket, it does the job really well. My only gripe would be the materials used to manufacture the 5. The anodized aluminum is prone to scratching and necessitates a case. I got mine from amazon for only $9. And it only adds ~4mm of thickness and my iphone looks brand new after a little over 2 months of constant use. Battery life is acceptable, putting my late Epic 4g to shame by lasting a constant 18-20 hours on a single charge with an average of 7-8hrs of constant use. Overall i give this phone 4 out of 5 stars as the material it is made with is prone to scratching, but honestly that is my only gripe."
"I decided to skip the iPhone 4S and made the leap to a refurbished iPhone 5 from AT&T.; On February 5, 2013, I received the iPhone 5 and upgraded to iOS 6.1, which went smoothly. After the iPhone rebooted, the screen immediately started to transition to a white haze contrast every 5-10 minutes. I figured it was a faulty display, so I took the iPhone to an Apple Store nearby and they exchanged it. I was handed a new iPhone 5 and was very excited. After installing iOS 6.1 on my new iPhone everything went smoothly. I love the iPhone 5 and all it has to offer, especially the ability to use AirPlay. Having had the iPhone 3G & 4, I must say that using the iPhone 5 with the latest firmware 6.1.2 is horrible. I had a better experience using the iPhone 3G and 4. I am a Certified IT Specialist and is having the following issues: Wi-Fi connectivity is very poor, email loads very slowly, the App Store downloads are still slow, Apps take a long time to load, battery lasts about a day... to name a few. I know its not the iPhone; but the software. I hope Apple addresses these issues among others with their new iOS release 6.1.3. I have the best iPhone to date, just a not so good iOS to complement it."
"I never wrote any review. This is my first time because I was so disappointed about my iPhone 5. I am a huge fan of iPhone and never go with anything else. I am using a MacBook Pro, and owned a MacBook Air. I was excited to wait for iPhone 5. First, I love the new design. The weight is light, and the phone looks just so elegant compare to the 4 and 4S. I love the white color, and of course, the screen and its contrast is much better than the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (my hubby using the Note 2, switched from iPhone 4S). So, 2 stars because of the design. The disappointed part came from the signal. I got no wi-fi signal in my house, although I stand next to my router. My 4 and the Note 2 got full bar of signal. But that's not the end of the story. Last week I had some follow up with my dentist and my doctor. None of them could get a hold of me. They even asked me, when I called back, which is the good number to call me because they'd tried so many time but got my voice mail (and if the voice mail is from the morning, it will never show up in my phone until afternoon or late evening). Guess what, there was no signal/no service in my office which never happened to my iPhone 4 nor the Note 2, or any other phone everyone used in there. Only 2 people did not have any signal at all, me and my boss who just got the iPhone 5 as well. No wi-fi, no service, and no 4G. I felt like I was isolated in an island during 9 hours at work a day. Not that, the signal got lost when I was on the road, too."
"Let me start off by saying I purchased the iPhone 5 and after fully using it, returned it after 14 days."
Don't buy it from here. Its only $695 with taxes in Apple Store. If you live in Delaware then only $649 & no taxes.
"expensive but let's face it, it's certainly woth it. well made and happy to have the unlocked version. still recommend it"
"this item was lock, even due I ask that I need an unlocked phone, the lock was from sprint and I especifficly  by mail that I need an unlock phone before the purchase"
"It is funny how some iphone supporters rave this phone with only the fact that it has a bigger screen, the earphone jack is on the bottom, wow! And they also try and justify that Apple is smart because they wanted to stay with a smaller screen than the competitors because it keeps it manageable with one hand and a bigger screen is not better. Well partially true, but the elongated screen makes it awkward to reach the upper and lower parts of the screen with one handed operation also. So kind of an invalid argument there. Smaller screen more scrolling, harder to see, easier to use with one hand. Bigger screen less scrolling, easier to see may need two hands to operate. Different strokes for different folks.  Battery argument isn't realistic or fare to compare between a phone with a way larger screen. Apple fans claim it is the best iphone ever! Yeah it maybe the best iphone ever, but not by much. And it may be the best iphone, but not the best phone."
This Smartphone is an expensive toy - but not a business tool at all.  The problem is that there is no email flexibility that comes even close to a Blackberry.  The iPhones have a critical design flaw that may be done on purpose to promote the use of more data by phone carriers because of IMAP syncing.
Iphone 5 is the most expensive smartphone and no where near the best phone.  I think I would only get it if you are locked into apple's ecosystem and don't know how to get out.  Which is how apple gets away with making a mediocre phone and charging a high price.
"Hello, I bought the iphone 5 sent it to a friend of mine in Washington DC, I am currently living in Argentina."
"I preordered 2 iphones, a black one for me and a white one for my sister-in-law. The white one arrived at the store first so I went to pick it up. Played with it for about an hour and it was enough for me to go back to sprint and cancel mine (went on and got the GS3). Gave it 2 stars for its design but there's no way in hell the iphone is better than the GS3. All you iphone users have been brainwashed by apple. By the way...you better buy insurance on the iphone because if you don't, apple just stick it up your rear end again. A broken screen will cost you $225 at the apple store."
"I'm reviewing the iPhone 5, not the $1000 iPhone 5 sold here.  I bought it via AT&T; for the upgrade price of $199.  So price is not the issue here."
"Delivered on time, brand new and unlocked. My only complain is when I tried to register, the iPhone was registered to another AppleID."
