"I just recently purchased the sony kdl55hx820 and needed a sound bar to make up for the lackluster sound produced by flat screens in general. My main requirements were: Full sound, aesthetically pleasing and smaller form factor since I haven't wall mounted my tv just yet."
"First, my motivation for taking the time to write a review is that these Amazon product reviews have helped me so much in the past that I wanted to pay some of that back."
"Got this to augment the sound coming from our 52"" LCD TV, which has meager speakers.  HD set top box and Blu-ray player connected to the Yamaha with optical toslink cables. For action movies the sound has good punch with the bass remaining tight and manages to fill all corners of a spacious open floor plan living room-kiitchen area. Shows with dialogue emphasis get the ""voice"" option and this works very well. Now, understand that this will not sound as good as a true home theater surround system consisting of a receiver/amplifier,  5 or 7 speakers and a subwoofer;  but for a simple, elegant setup, the Yamaha performs admirably.  Highly recommended."
"Synopsis:  I read all 102 reviews available (at the time), then purchased the unit, spent 2 days trying to set up ""correctly"", researched more and found a helpful review in Britain, finally got set up ""right"", not quite happy, went to listen to side-by-side comparisons of Bose Lifestyle, Cinemate Series II System, and the Cinemate 1 SR soundbar system.  That made the decision for me.  I kept the Yamaha YAS 101, and am quite happy with it now."
I bought this sound bar to replace a vizio sound bar that stopped working after about 2 years of sporatic use.  I already have a nice Polk Audio powered subwoofer so I was looking soley for an upgraded sound bar (made with a little more quality than the Vizio)without the subwoofer.
"Like another reviewer here, I bought this based on a review on Gizmodo. I live in an apartment in New York, so a full surround system would have taken up too much room and the cables would've been a nightmare! I am also a minimalist and although I love the full surround experience, I can't stand the obscene ugliness of speakers everywhere. I want my place to look like a grown up apt, not a concert venue. I am pairing this with an Optoma HD20 projector (I'm projecting onto a white wall, so when not on, no screen to look at!). I know what you're thinking, I'm pairing a huge projection image (97"" diagonally) with a wimpy soundbar? Yes. And guess what? It works great! The one big drawback to this setup is that I have to manually connect my video source (which is on the projector side of the room) to the soundbar across the floor with a 15' toslink (optical audio) cable. I didn't want to have it wired through my walls and ceiling. Anyway, I have a 3' cable permanently hooked up to the YAS101 with a female/female coupler on the other end so that I can easily plug and unplug the 15' cable. When not in use, I simply disconnect the long cable, coil it up and drop it out of sight."
"I won this sound bar through a facebook drawing. I already have a very nice Yamaha surround system in my house, so I thought I should give this sound bar to my parents who's TV has very poor sound. I was impressed with how well the sound bar filled the room with quality sound. This is probably the easiest componet I have ever connected to a TV. The sound is great, the product looks great, everything you would expect from Yamaha. It make you fill like you are in a room with an actual 5 speaker surround system. Me and my parents love it."
i love these speakers!  people will complain about the base but there is a port to attach an additional sub woofer if needed.  the sound is pure and the uni volume means no more changing the volume when you station goes to commercial.  it fills my room with sound and no matter where i sit it feels like i am in front of them.  i love that there is no giant sub woofer next to it as it took up space like my last sound bar.  it is a great buy for the money and easy hook up.
"I had both the ZVOX 220 and the Yamaha YAS 101 Sound Bars in my home at the same time and compared the two of them. I have a large living room (roughly 22' X 18') and used a newer Samsung 60 inch LED HDTV and compared its sound also.  At the end of this review, I will give a tip on where the YAS 101 is offered at a great discount and some instructions for programming it (not mentioned in the manual)"
I felt it was important that I write this review as I saw very few mentions of the B-Stock/Refurbished items in the previously existing reviews.
This solved our master bedroom's biggest dilemma beautifully - the incredibly lifeless sound eminating from our gorgeous Samsung LCD panel mounted on the wall.  I won the 1080p/HD-DVR larger is better argument but needed an unobtrusive augmentation to the crappy built-in speakers.
"I purchased these speakers for my in-laws. They needed great sound and clarity, but wanted to keep it simple for them. The sound is fantastic, and exactly what they need. The bass is good, but would definitely benefit from a separate sub hooked up."
"I'm a big fan of Yamaha audio equipment. Their products are always well built and provide faithful music reproduction. My main A/V receiver is a Yamaha. When I decided that I wanted better sound for the 52"" plasma monitor in our bedroom, but didn't want to install a complete surround sound system, I started researching sound bars. The Yamaha YAS-101 seemed like the ideal choice, but I was worried about the apparent lack of bass mentioned by a number of reviewers. Now, I love bass, but I love real bass, not the one-note boom bass passed off by most speaker makers. Based on my experience, I decided to give the Yamahas a try; and boy am I glad I did. Lets be clear here - I'm an audiophile with 6 high end audio systems who listens mostly to classical and jazz music. I hate, loathe, and despise muddy, boomy bass. I want clean, linear sound that reproduces the actual timbre and timing of real instruments. The YAS-101s pass on all accounts. They provide clean, extended bass that is well-integrated with the midrange. My in-room mesurements show gradual bass rolloff below 50Hz, with audible output at 25HZ! This is excellent bass performance by any measure. Music lovers will love this speaker. Lovers of earthquake disaster movies, probably not so much. My only complaint is that I haven't been able to get the universal remote function to work; but this isn't even a minor inconvenience based on my system setup."
"I have been using the YAS-101 for a few weeks now. It's connected to a Toshiba 55"" LCD 3D flat screen by the one, thin digital optical cable. Easy as pie to hookup. I just want to say that compared to the LCD's on board speakers, (that aren't all that bad), there is no comparison. The YAS-101 gives me,oh, about 1000% better sound quality. The bass IS impressive. You can control the bass volume and you don't need much to ""feel"" the boom."
"Bought this item a few days ago at Costco to try and improve upon anemic TV sound (Insignia 42"" HD LCD) and also declutter the front room with five separate speakers all over the place."
About me:
Actually I got the Yamaha ATS 1010 Last Christmas at Costco. Except for the designation there is no difference between the 101 or 1010 that I can detect. It is the same unit. The only thing that makes it different is that Yamaha and Costco might have had a contract for a reduced price for a bulk purchase rather then a per unit purchase. If so great for me and other Costco buyers since we had a substantial savings.
"I knew what I wanted in my sound bar.  Wife would not let me surround the living room so I was forced into a sound bar.  I wanted bass but did NOT want a wireless sub.  I don't care what anyone says, wireless is not the way to go.  Anyway, I found this little number with a ""built-in sub"" and thought great this is perfect for me.  The theater room in the basement is for the deep bass anyway with the 7.1.  Anyway, so I picked this Yamaha with the thought of not even liking it.  I was mistaken.  I had a friend of mine buy a Sony $400 one shortly after I bought mine, after hearing mine he returned his and got the Yamaha."
"I got it a few days ago and it's an amazing sound device! You have to connect  your DVR or Bluray directly to the soundbar to get the maximum sound from it. Contrary to what I've read here in other reviews, if you connect everything to your TV and then you connect the soundbar to your TV you most likely get 2.0 sound from your TV. I tried both versions and when I connect my DVR with an optical cable or my BluRay directly to the soundbar the sound is 5.1 and the DTS/Dolby light is on too. (you have to maybe change the settings on your DVR or other device, the Digital Out should be DTS/Dolby 5.1, the default might be stereo). The surround is really great, especially at higher volume. If you don't have a great sound and/or your DTS/Dolby light is not on it means you need to change some settings. I only use 2 ports right now, so I'm OK, but if you need more devices connected you need one of the optical splitters you can read about in other reviews. Works great with my Harmony remote, I don;t need a volume control for the bass, I left it at max. Also, I don't care for the Clear voice or UniVolume, so I didn't put this on my universal remote. The only thing that it misses is the volume counter, it only lights green for low volume, orange for moderate and red for high volume, so you kind of know where you are, but a number from 1 to say 50 would be more helpful."
"I recently upgraded to a flat screen for my bedroom but was unhappy with the tinny sound. I already have surround sound in another room in my house, so all I wanted was an upgrade. Going  in, I was skeptical that the Yamaha could even approximate true surround sound. And I was proven correct. There is an easy test. The opening credits of Apocalypse Now has a helicopter moving from the left rear speaker all the way around the room. But when I played the movie on the Yamaha, the helicopter moved from the left front to the center and ... nothing.  It just stayed there. Actually, I was neither surprised or disappointed. If you want true surround sound, you will have to invest in a more sophisticated system."
The YAS-101 is a great soundbar. I hooked the sound to the back of my Panasonic TC-P42S1 Plasma TV using the supplied optical cable. Make sure to turn the sound off on the TV. The soundbar really gets the job done (IMHO)
"When I found that I had to fully max out my LED TV's volume whenever the AC came on, I knew it was time to find some better speakers than the tiny built-in ones. I don't like the clutter of surround sound or sub woofers, so I thought I could get some passable sound out of this unit without sacrificing the aesthetic of the room. When I unboxed it, I immediately liked how clean it looked. After connecting it to the PS3, I put on Inception to test it out. I was pretty blown away. For being so small and having built-in sub woofers, I thought the sound was really full. It's not theater-quality, but for the price and size, you can't beat it. It definitely surpassed my expectations."
"Super nice sounding and looking, a huge improvement over the lame entry level sound bar I replaced (I wish I would have been tuned into this Yamaha bar from the start).  Easy to set up and use with very good bass response (for not having a sub, which I have no room for).  I have no idea of what the competition is at this $ level, but  I'd be surprised if anyone makes a better sounding bar at this price--I'd buy this again without hesitation."
"Before actually making this purchase, I of course read a lot of reviews. I also compared many other sound bars and all signs pointed to the Yamaha YAS-101 being the best bang for the buck. It does not disappoint! I was going to purchase mine from Amazon, but found it in a local store on sale for cheaper, so I went that route. Now, for under $250 I wasn't expecting to be blown away by the quality or sound, but this sound bar is GREAT for my purposes! It comes in a very basic box with a helpful manual, small remote, and includes an optical wire. The finish of the speaker looks real nice too, but it attracts dust like a swiffer sheet! HA! Installation could not be any easier. Plug the speaker in to power, and the optical wire into the back of the sound bar with the other end going into the speaker. DONE! All the sound that was now coming from my tv, dvd player, or xbox is all coming from the sound bar. Only one wire needed which is the one that is included. Granted, the included wire is very thin and the quality doesn't seem good, but we shall see how long it holds up. The sound quality is great, I barely have to turn up the volume before the quality of the sound is better than that which the TV could produce! I often have friends over for pay per view events, my 60in Samsung is great for gatherings, but the poor built in speakers can not drown out a crowd of people, this Yamaha sound bar turned up half way is able to produce rich and clear sound for all to hear, even in a living room full of people talking. The sound bar has some cool features like clear voice (or something like that) which makes the voice levels on par with effects levels so the voices don't get drowned out during shows or a movie, along with a feature that keeps the sound volume level between TV commercials and the actual programming. It also has a stereo or surround sound mode. The surround sound mode doesn't really give you a surround sound effect, but you can't really expect that from a 2.1 speaker, but it does make the audio sound better than in stereo mode, at least in my opinion. I highly recommend this sound bar if you're looking for something that will not break the bank, but will provide sound quality that is leaps and bounds over the built in speakers of your TV. Only thing I haven't figured out is how the sound bar is suppose to automatically learn my TV's remote so that I don't have to keep using the small remote that came with the sound bar. I will have to revisit the manual. 5 stars for sure!"
"My hat is off to Yamaha on this streamlined well engineered sound bar.  I installed mine on top of a cabinet housing my 37 in Vizio LED HDTV and only used the included optical cable from TV to unit.  How simple.  The learning function quickly picked up the sound volume up/down and on/off functions from the TV remote, and since my cable remote uses the same signals, the cable remote is all that is needed for normal operation. When I turn the TV on, the sound bar comes on, and when I switch off the TV, the sound bar also goes off.  Special features like surround versus stereo effects, or clear voice are set by the Yamaha remote, but these are usually changed only once in a while, like for a football game or music.  We prefer to set the subwoofer volume high, which delivers decent base, along with the clear voice option, which delivers very crisp dialog.  For our size room, this 120 total watt (speakers plus built in sub woofer) has more than enough power.  There is no comparison to the original sound from the TV itself, which was flat.  I run the Yamaha sound bar with the TV speakers off entirely.  I also went to see the Bose Solo, which present a nice demo in the store setting.  Still, I think this Yamaha blows it away in sound quality, power, features - all for about half the price.  I don't think I need an external sub woofer, which is still an option for this unit, but not for the Solo."
"I bought this because it looked great,  and coming from Yamaha, how bad could it sound, right?  Well,  I was not even close to imagining how good it turned out to be.  REALLY, REALLY good sound.  It was perfect for me.  I have a 42 inch smart tv,  a satellite box,  and a dvd/cd player hooked up to it,  (fortunately,  all have outputs that work with its 2 optical and 1 digital inputs),  and they all sound great.  The mix is perfect for every kind of music, from classical,  which I listen to alot through the internet features on the TV,  to rock, jazz, etc.  It has virtually no sound adjustments,  but it really doesn't need them.  The couple of features it does have,  a voice or dialogue filter that helps bring conversation up in the mix,  and a volume leveler, are useful when watching regular TV programing and especially live sporting events where crowd noise sometimes drowns out the announcers."
"I am happy with this soundbar. We have a main TV room with 6.1 surround sound that is often not an option for TV/Movie watching if the kids are still awake and trying to sleep in their rooms upstairs.  The sound from that system travels to well! So we watch DVD's and Netflix streaming in a different room with a smaller 32"" flatscreen we have in a spare room that we use as an alternative.  The sound is just crap!!"
"I purchased this as the ATS-1010 model, but it is the same. I purchased a new Samsung HDTV and love the TV but needed more sound in a small living room which does not have space for a separate sub-woofer. This unit does the trick. The sound is very smooth and there is enough bass. My wife loves to watch Glee and she likes to turn it up. You can't compare it to a full stereo, but the price/value is there. I don't like the remote but a Logitech harmony 650 controls all the functions. Note: this unit does not have HDMI in/out, it is optical cable."
"I was glad to read all of the reviews before purchasing this unit. At first, I wasn't sure if my Samsung TV had an optical audio output.  Fortunately it does.  The unfortunate part of it is that I purchased a separate optical cable, not knowing that the Yamaha soundbar includes the cable.  But once I connected everything (making sure that I removed the plastic cap and ensuring that the cable connector clicked into the socket), the difference was amazing... rich tonality, clarity, fullness, and ambiance.  The reason for giving a 4 star rating instead of 5 is because the internal subwoofer was not as bassy as much as I would have liked for watching action movies, but for every other TV programs this was perfect.  And for listening to the Pandora Internet Radio App through the Samsung TV, the sound was tremendously better than through the TV speakers... what a huge difference (a much fuller and richer sound).  After reading through the user manual to program the soundbar to respond to the TV remote, I was able to control the volume with it.  This was great, because I disabled the TV speakers, and now listen only from the soundbar and control the volume with only the TV remote.  One remote to control the whole setup... TV, Cable Box, soundbar... simple and easy.  What a great product!"
"This is more than good enough if you want to de-clutter and use a single equipment to play audio for your TV. Just make sure that the internal sub-woofer is turned ""ON"" as is the case when I just got mines. Was reading the manual that came with it to try and turn it on with no success. Eventually found an updated manual with a correction as to which buttons to press to turn it back on. Not the kick @$$ bass of a Bose but like I said more than good enough. Bought it refurbished like new from Amazon Warehouse Deals and have no regrets."
"I originally purchased a Sony HT-CT150 soundbar for my Panasonic TV, but was not happy with the sound -- the Sony had plenty of bass and crisp treble, but not much midrange. The result was a very hollow sound, and problems for me with movie dialogue (the accents on ""Downton Abbey"" were especially hard for me to understand), due to my hearing loss. There were plenty of good reviews, though, so I stuck with the Sony, hoping to tweak it."
"Was tired of muffled sounds from flat screens after selling my theater setup several years ago, this looked like a good refurbished value to try. I ended up buying three of them, one for each tv in the house.  My wife always complains she cannot understand people talking on the tv, this units clear voice made a huge difference for her. Xbox game sounds are infinitely better, especially the bass parts that were nearly absent from the tv speakers.  Eventually I'll want another theater setup but for less than $200 this was a great value and does not involve extensive wiring or loads of equipment. The main improvement that is needed is auto shut off with tv, I will be trying a surge strip with auto shutoff soon to see if it solves that problem."
"Ok, so I just want to give you one observation and one tip. You can read all the other great reviews on sound quality, aesthetics, etc."
"Very nice speakers that added not only volume (loudness) to the inadequate TV speakers, but also quite a bit of bass as well. Connected the speakers to the TV via optical connection, turn the built-in TV speakers off, and it works perfectly. The remote learning likewise was fairly simple, although the manual wasn't clear about what the ""main unit"" is referring to the sound bar speaker. So about 30 minutes later, everything was done. Sound was nice and clear, the built-in sub woofer provides tight booms -- obviously not room shaking levels, but a nice boost from the TV's."
"There are certainly more impressive sound systems to be had. But if you are looking for something with a simple 10min setup and good deep sound with a clear sharp high end, this is a good choice."
"I bought this instead of going for a full surround system because I didn't want to deal with running wires.  I figured i'd give it a try and if I wasn't satisfied try a ZVOX or something else. Given some of the negative reviews I was pleasantly surprised with the sound quality.  Let's be clear, this is not and will never be surround sound, no matter how hard they try to convince you it is.  There is no discernible surround quality that I could hear.  But that said, it absolutely blows away the speakers on my Samsung 46"" LCD, which is really what I was looking for to begin wtih."
"I have an older Samsung HDTV (the old ""touch of Red"" series that at one time was the top tier) that sits on its own pedestal atop a nightstand.  Prior to this model, I had been using the Boston Acoustics TVee Two, but the RCA jacks broke and I was forced to look for another.  (I loved the bass on the TVee, but in retrospect the sound tended to sacrifice the midrange to achieve that lovely rumble.)"
"The built in Sub-woofer does a good job if you don't want to hook up an external Sub-woofer, however it's worth your time to hook one up.  I do not recommend you have ""univolume"" on as it kills the woofers low tones such as explosions, the reason for the sub-woofer is to highlight the lows."
"This elegant sound bar has improved the sound of My 50"" Panasonic Plasma HDTV, which has eight little rear firing speakers plus a small sub all built in to it. Connected {directly} to my Blue-ray player via optical link, and don't even think of connecting it any other way, I get punch ,dynamics and bass during scenes with horrendous action. Gives me that impressive thrill factor when I need it. During scenes with talk and dialogue, I get clear, intelligible sound so I don't miss out on spoken words. The unit will learn your TV remote making on /off ,volume up & down more convenient to use. However, it will not learn the mute function - a disappointment."
"It may not be the top of the line, earth shaking sound system, but it really is quite efficient. We have it in our living room (20x12) to replace the TV speakers on the LG 55LW5600 we just purchased as we had been warned of inferior speakers on the newer televisions. We have had surround sound for over 5 years and I can count on one hand how often we've used it in the past 5 years. So, rather than upgrading the old receiver and having to have the surround sound on all the time, we looked into sound bars. We bought this one blind based on reviews and it sounds better than the ones we looked at when we visited Best Buy (except the Bose system, but that's a horse of a different color) The sound is clear and rich, and the built in subwoofer delivers decent lows (but they won't shake you off your seat). Hookup was very simple too, just plugged it in and away we went! It's not fancy but it's priced right and so far is doing an admirable job delivering quality sound for our TV. I'm no audiophile, but it certainly meets my needs. TV audio tends to be problematic for me at times, I often had trouble on our old TV clearly hearing what people are saying but the Yamaha's Clear Voice setting has helped me immensely in that regard."
