Pros:
It's light.  It stays cool!  It works faster than my Food Processor and it has Windows 8.  I love this guy.  I recently had another model in this line which I passed on to my granddaughter and thought I'd not find another one as good but I was wrong.  This 14 inch has an I3 processor.  Plenty of Ram and a large harddrive to store things.  Windows 8 takes some getting used to but the startup and shutdown times will stun you on this new operating system.
...and that's about it.
"Very good laptop from HP...Light weight,Compact,Nice sound,good speed...They could have included a CD/DVD drive...But Overall satisfied with the purchase...Thanks amazon,HP.."
UPDATE JAN 8:  The mouse on this keyboard is less than nimble. I find it hard to use the mouse as I need to press down hard to get a response. I have swapped to USB ported Logitech mouse as I get a better response. It is also less tiring to use for my older hands and fingers.
"I bought this laptop for my Wife as it was the time to retire the 5-yr old Think pad. I hope to come back and update the review as we use this laptop. Although I am a very frequent Amazon.com buyer, I bought this laptop for a great price of $350 (with $50 MIR) from Staples. Since I almost always take advantage of Amazon.com user reviews for my purchases irrespective of where I buy, I decided to contribute here."
"First of all let me start off that this is a budget laptop, but it's still freakin' awesome. At first I felt overwhelmed with the start page, making the jump from my Compaq Windows Xp to Windows 8 was quite an experience. But right off the get go I fooled around with the apps, got my e-mail set up, messenger, and my desktop just the way I want it and BAM! This laptop became my home."
"It did not make it in time for Christmas. I almost cancelled my order, but decided that an i3 Core processor for less than $350 on a laptop was worth taking a chance on. Very glad I took the chance."
Currently on hold with HP support trying to see if they can send me a new hard drive. I will never buy a pavilion again. It is not the first time I've had poor quality components from this line of laptops.
I've never had this much trouble with a computer.
"I love this computer very face and easy to use. I bought it to use for school and it does the job and more.The seller shipped my computer very fast .The price was great for a computer with some many features. Love windows 8, although I think it was made for touch screens and tablets."
I love my new laptop.  I just bought it from Staples today and ended up getting an awesome after rebates and coupons.  Its light and thin and so far I think it's a great value for the money.
HP is having problems with this particular laptop.  It does not have an optical drive and the battery in these units tends to die after a few months.  When I realized that the features of the laptop were not fully covered in promotion I returned it to Amazon and purchased another laptop.  Amazon was great in allowing the return.  While I can't recommend this laptop I can highly recommend buying your laptop from Amazon.
"Good afternoon, I wonder if this laptop brings memory reader sd? Sorry for my English but I'm from Venezuela, not mastered the language well."
"I bought one from Staples today. I love it, hehehehahaha, it is very good deal!"
....this laptop to the last one I received a few months ago.  I'm going to compare this laptop with
