"A real nice system for the price.  The set-up is made even easier with the supplied tuning mic.  You put the mic in the middle of the room, plug it into the receiver, and let the receiver tune itself.  After set-up, expect to spend around 40 minutes to an hour learning the remote and the system features.  The sound is loud and clear while watching movies.  When listening to music I did experience very little \"bottoming out\" or distortion, only when turned all the way up.  This system provides a great movie watching and music listening experience, you can't go wrong!"
"About me:"
"Actually I got the Yamaha ATS 1010 Last Christmas at Costco. Except for the designation there is no difference between the 101 or 1010 that I can detect. It is the same unit. The only thing that makes it different is that Yamaha and Costco might have had a contract for a reduced price for a bulk purchase rather then a per unit purchase. If so great for me and other Costco buyers since we had a substantial savings."
"All seems fine with this product.  My daughter will have fun with it.  She will enjoy the stand and I will enjoy the headphones!"
"Am very pleased with this Yamaha YPT-230 digital piano keyboard. It sounds great and"
"Arrived quickly. Nice unit. Stand is sturdy.  Ear phones arent the most comfortable, but work fine. very happy with the purchase.  Like that it has an ac power supply.  no batteries."
"Before actually making this purchase, I of course read a lot of reviews. I also compared many other sound bars and all signs pointed to the Yamaha YAS-101 being the best bang for the buck. It does not disappoint! I was going to purchase mine from Amazon, but found it in a local store on sale for cheaper, so I went that route. Now, for under $250 I wasn't expecting to be blown away by the quality or sound, but this sound bar is GREAT for my purposes! It comes in a very basic box with a helpful manual, small remote, and includes an optical wire. The finish of the speaker looks real nice too, but it attracts dust like a swiffer sheet! HA! Installation could not be any easier. Plug the speaker in to power, and the optical wire into the back of the sound bar with the other end going into the speaker. DONE! All the sound that was now coming from my tv, dvd player, or xbox is all coming from the sound bar. Only one wire needed which is the one that is included. Granted, the included wire is very thin and the quality doesn't seem good, but we shall see how long it holds up. The sound quality is great, I barely have to turn up the volume before the quality of the sound is better than that which the TV could produce! I often have friends over for pay per view events, my 60in Samsung is great for gatherings, but the poor built in speakers can not drown out a crowd of people, this Yamaha sound bar turned up half way is able to produce rich and clear sound for all to hear, even in a living room full of people talking. The sound bar has some cool features like clear voice (or something like that) which makes the voice levels on par with effects levels so the voices don't get drowned out during shows or a movie, along with a feature that keeps the sound volume level between TV commercials and the actual programming. It also has a stereo or surround sound mode. The surround sound mode doesn't really give you a surround sound effect, but you can't really expect that from a 2.1 speaker, but it does make the audio sound better than in stereo mode, at least in my opinion. I highly recommend this sound bar if you're looking for something that will not break the bank, but will provide sound quality that is leaps and bounds over the built in speakers of your TV. Only thing I haven't figured out is how the sound bar is suppose to automatically learn my TV's remote so that I don't have to keep using the small remote that came with the sound bar. I will have to revisit the manual. 5 stars for sure!"
"Before i bought these set item, i read a lot of review from previous buyer that bought these item. some complain about the stand and headphone.."
"Bought for my granddaughter and she does love it!  Is taking intro to music class in middle school and is just beginning to use the keyboard.  Watch out Taylor Swft."
"Bought this item a few days ago at Costco to try and improve upon anemic TV sound (Insignia 42\" HD LCD) and also declutter the front room with five separate speakers all over the place."
"Cheaper from Amazon than at the local electronics store. If you have video, stereo, DVD setup experience, the setup is pretty simple.  I haven't used the microphone sound set up, and went mainly by ear and haven't looked back. Base is great for those action flicks, surround sound is wonderful.  My wife didn't want holes in the walls or ceiling, I've got the system set up so every speaker is basically coming from the front of the room in line with the television.  Even still, movies, sports, etc... sound incredible.  I put STAR TREK into the Blu-ray to test the system, my wife and I didn't turn anything off until the movie was over. This system rocks."
"Excelent sound. The product in terms of sound is what i expect.but...."
"fabulous,fantastic beautiful yahamha psre233 sixty six key 61 portable personal keyboard recommend for everybody young and old, thank you so much"
"First to say, don't expect top of the line stuff for low prices. There are a lot of features you want from this unit and you won't get. For the price paid, i actually got more than expected. Speakers are not the best, but still gives good sound, and you can upgrade at any time. Menus are kind of old fashioned, but i can survive on that."
"First, my motivation for taking the time to write a review is that these Amazon product reviews have helped me so much in the past that I wanted to pay some of that back."
"For a relatively inexpensive keyboard this is a good product. The sound is nowhere hear the \"Grand Piano\" sound it claims, but that is to be expected. I bought a sustain pedal separately, although that is a matter of taste."
"Gave this keyboard with accesories to my grandson for his bday.  Its very sturdy, so easy to play and learn, the head-phones are very good, the stand and the adapter.  He started to play right away, he loves this keyboard. The manual is easy to use. Thanks for a great product."
"Got this to augment the sound coming from our 52\" LCD TV, which has meager speakers.  HD set top box and Blu-ray player connected to the Yamaha with optical toslink cables. For action movies the sound has good punch with the bass remaining tight and manages to fill all corners of a spacious open floor plan living room-kiitchen area. Shows with dialogue emphasis get the \"voice\" option and this works very well. Now, understand that this will not sound as good as a true home theater surround system consisting of a receiver/amplifier,  5 or 7 speakers and a subwoofer;  but for a simple, elegant setup, the Yamaha performs admirably.  Highly recommended."
"Had to give it five stars because of price and extras that came with the keyboard. Stand was easy to assemble and very sturdy. Headphones included in package came in very handy. Pretty good starter keyboard, would highly recommend it!!"
"I am happy with this soundbar. We have a main TV room with 6.1 surround sound that is often not an option for TV/Movie watching if the kids are still awake and trying to sleep in their rooms upstairs.  The sound from that system travels to well! So we watch DVD's and Netflix streaming in a different room with a smaller 32\" flatscreen we have in a spare room that we use as an alternative.  The sound is just crap!!"
"i bought it for my 7 year old son, he is taking keyboard classes and he is loving it....so, simply one word..awesome"
"I bought this because it looked great,  and coming from Yamaha, how bad could it sound, right?  Well,  I was not even close to imagining how good it turned out to be.  REALLY, REALLY good sound.  It was perfect for me.  I have a 42 inch smart tv,  a satellite box,  and a dvd/cd player hooked up to it,  (fortunately,  all have outputs that work with its 2 optical and 1 digital inputs),  and they all sound great.  The mix is perfect for every kind of music, from classical,  which I listen to alot through the internet features on the TV,  to rock, jazz, etc.  It has virtually no sound adjustments,  but it really doesn't need them.  The couple of features it does have,  a voice or dialogue filter that helps bring conversation up in the mix,  and a volume leveler, are useful when watching regular TV programing and especially live sporting events where crowd noise sometimes drowns out the announcers."
"I bought this instead of going for a full surround system because I didn't want to deal with running wires.  I figured i'd give it a try and if I wasn't satisfied try a ZVOX or something else. Given some of the negative reviews I was pleasantly surprised with the sound quality.  Let's be clear, this is not and will never be surround sound, no matter how hard they try to convince you it is.  There is no discernible surround quality that I could hear.  But that said, it absolutely blows away the speakers on my Samsung 46\" LCD, which is really what I was looking for to begin wtih."
"I bought this keyboard so that I wouldn't have to use the family piano that two other people use.  This keyboard is great if you're a beginner.  It has decent sound quality, VERY light keys, and a good price.  However, I do have some complaints.  First of all, this keyboard does not do dynamics (forte, piano, mezzo-forte, etc.).  The songs still sound okay and recognizable, but I can't help but think how much nicer it would be if you could put more emotion into songs.  Secondly, the stand they give you for the keyboard doesn't fit.  I know many of the other reviews go over this, so I won't elaborate.  Also, I would strongly recommend buying a pedal to go along with this keyboard."
"I bought this sound bar to replace a vizio sound bar that stopped working after about 2 years of sporatic use.  I already have a nice Polk Audio powered subwoofer so I was looking soley for an upgraded sound bar (made with a little more quality than the Vizio)without the subwoofer."
"I chose this item based on the the excellent reviews on amazon and i couldnt be happier."
"I felt it was important that I write this review as I saw very few mentions of the B-Stock/Refurbished items in the previously existing reviews."
"I got it a few days ago and it's an amazing sound device! You have to connect  your DVR or Bluray directly to the soundbar to get the maximum sound from it. Contrary to what I've read here in other reviews, if you connect everything to your TV and then you connect the soundbar to your TV you most likely get 2.0 sound from your TV. I tried both versions and when I connect my DVR with an optical cable or my BluRay directly to the soundbar the sound is 5.1 and the DTS/Dolby light is on too. (you have to maybe change the settings on your DVR or other device, the Digital Out should be DTS/Dolby 5.1, the default might be stereo). The surround is really great, especially at higher volume. If you don't have a great sound and/or your DTS/Dolby light is not on it means you need to change some settings. I only use 2 ports right now, so I'm OK, but if you need more devices connected you need one of the optical splitters you can read about in other reviews. Works great with my Harmony remote, I don;t need a volume control for the bass, I left it at max. Also, I don't care for the Clear voice or UniVolume, so I didn't put this on my universal remote. The only thing that it misses is the volume counter, it only lights green for low volume, orange for moderate and red for high volume, so you kind of know where you are, but a number from 1 to say 50 would be more helpful."
"I had both the ZVOX 220 and the Yamaha YAS 101 Sound Bars in my home at the same time and compared the two of them. I have a large living room (roughly 22' X 18') and used a newer Samsung 60 inch LED HDTV and compared its sound also.  At the end of this review, I will give a tip on where the YAS 101 is offered at a great discount and some instructions for programming it (not mentioned in the manual)"
"I have an older Samsung HDTV (the old \"touch of Red\" series that at one time was the top tier) that sits on its own pedestal atop a nightstand.  Prior to this model, I had been using the Boston Acoustics TVee Two, but the RCA jacks broke and I was forced to look for another.  (I loved the bass on the TVee, but in retrospect the sound tended to sacrifice the midrange to achieve that lovely rumble.)"
"I have been using the YAS-101 for a few weeks now. It's connected to a Toshiba 55\" LCD 3D flat screen by the one, thin digital optical cable. Easy as pie to hookup. I just want to say that compared to the LCD's on board speakers, (that aren't all that bad), there is no comparison. The YAS-101 gives me,oh, about 1000% better sound quality. The bass IS impressive. You can control the bass volume and you don't need much to \"feel\" the boom."
"I have bought hundreds of items from Amazon and never wrote a review, but after an extremely frustrating Christmas eve, I felt compelled to comment on this keyboard package.  The keyboard is great and the headphones are fine.  To be clear, the stand is made by another company and DOES NOT COME CLOSE to fitting the keyboard.  At all.  There is no way to assemble it to securely fit the keyboard, despite what other reviews seem to indicate.  Plus, this package came with a power adaptor made by another company that had rust on one of the metal plugs when it came.  For reference, the proper stand is Yamaha PA-130 which bolts to the bottom of the keyboard and the proper power adaptor is Yamaha PA-130, both of which I had to buy after Christmas.  Buy the keyboard separately because there is no value in these substandard package \"extras.\"  Very disappointed that Amazon would sell this package."
"I have this keyboard and quite happy with it. I do not have any background in music and have never played any instrument before. Having said that, this is easy to use and quite intuitive. I was not intimidated by it and is quite motivated to do some structured learning. I recommend this low-cost keyboard for beginners who want to explore and discover their musical aptitude."
"I havent used the headphones, and the stand does suck. I thought it wouldnt be a problem but it is. It sits loosely atop this stand. I would suggest buying an 88 key keyboard if you are serious about learning. It is alot of fun though for a beginner and someone finding out if they want to play the piano or not."
"I just recently purchased the sony kdl55hx820 and needed a sound bar to make up for the lackluster sound produced by flat screens in general. My main requirements were: Full sound, aesthetically pleasing and smaller form factor since I haven't wall mounted my tv just yet."
"I knew what I wanted in my sound bar.  Wife would not let me surround the living room so I was forced into a sound bar.  I wanted bass but did NOT want a wireless sub.  I don't care what anyone says, wireless is not the way to go.  Anyway, I found this little number with a \"built-in sub\" and thought great this is perfect for me.  The theater room in the basement is for the deep bass anyway with the 7.1.  Anyway, so I picked this Yamaha with the thought of not even liking it.  I was mistaken.  I had a friend of mine buy a Sony $400 one shortly after I bought mine, after hearing mine he returned his and got the Yamaha."
"I like this keyboard. I got it here for only $129. Walmart has a lessor model without the stand, headphones, or AC power pack on special for about the same price as this one. Excellent product. Excellent value buy."
"i love these speakers!  people will complain about the base but there is a port to attach an additional sub woofer if needed.  the sound is pure and the uni volume means no more changing the volume when you station goes to commercial.  it fills my room with sound and no matter where i sit it feels like i am in front of them.  i love that there is no giant sub woofer next to it as it took up space like my last sound bar.  it is a great buy for the money and easy hook up."
"I originally purchased a Sony HT-CT150 soundbar for my Panasonic TV, but was not happy with the sound -- the Sony had plenty of bass and crisp treble, but not much midrange. The result was a very hollow sound, and problems for me with movie dialogue (the accents on \"Downton Abbey\" were especially hard for me to understand), due to my hearing loss. There were plenty of good reviews, though, so I stuck with the Sony, hoping to tweak it."
"I purchased these speakers for my in-laws. They needed great sound and clarity, but wanted to keep it simple for them. The sound is fantastic, and exactly what they need. The bass is good, but would definitely benefit from a separate sub hooked up."
"I purchased this as the ATS-1010 model, but it is the same. I purchased a new Samsung HDTV and love the TV but needed more sound in a small living room which does not have space for a separate sub-woofer. This unit does the trick. The sound is very smooth and there is enough bass. My wife loves to watch Glee and she likes to turn it up. You can't compare it to a full stereo, but the price/value is there. I don't like the remote but a Logitech harmony 650 controls all the functions. Note: this unit does not have HDMI in/out, it is optical cable."
"I purchased this system through amazon and received it on 1/2; As soon as I received it I began the setup for my Panasonic GT50. Purchased 14 gauge speaker wire and a pair of Atlantic speaker stands for the rear speakers. The receiver has 4 HDMI inputs which fit perfectly for my needs, hooked up a PS3, 360, HD/DVR box and an HTPC. The system does not come with a full written manual but does come with a cd-rom which contains a PDF but you can simply go to yamaha's website, search for your system and get the latest and greatest up to date manuals."
"I read all of the great reviews on this item and thought it was a no-brainer."
"I recently upgraded to a flat screen for my bedroom but was unhappy with the tinny sound. I already have surround sound in another room in my house, so all I wanted was an upgrade. Going  in, I was skeptical that the Yamaha could even approximate true surround sound. And I was proven correct. There is an easy test. The opening credits of Apocalypse Now has a helicopter moving from the left rear speaker all the way around the room. But when I played the movie on the Yamaha, the helicopter moved from the left front to the center and ... nothing.  It just stayed there. Actually, I was neither surprised or disappointed. If you want true surround sound, you will have to invest in a more sophisticated system."
"I think this is a great keyboard. It has a wonderful sound, great features including the Yamaha Educational Suite (Y.E.S.) built in (includes these features: Listen & Learn, Timing, Waiting, Chord Dictionary)."
"I was glad to read all of the reviews before purchasing this unit. At first, I wasn't sure if my Samsung TV had an optical audio output.  Fortunately it does.  The unfortunate part of it is that I purchased a separate optical cable, not knowing that the Yamaha soundbar includes the cable.  But once I connected everything (making sure that I removed the plastic cap and ensuring that the cable connector clicked into the socket), the difference was amazing... rich tonality, clarity, fullness, and ambiance.  The reason for giving a 4 star rating instead of 5 is because the internal subwoofer was not as bassy as much as I would have liked for watching action movies, but for every other TV programs this was perfect.  And for listening to the Pandora Internet Radio App through the Samsung TV, the sound was tremendously better than through the TV speakers... what a huge difference (a much fuller and richer sound).  After reading through the user manual to program the soundbar to respond to the TV remote, I was able to control the volume with it.  This was great, because I disabled the TV speakers, and now listen only from the soundbar and control the volume with only the TV remote.  One remote to control the whole setup... TV, Cable Box, soundbar... simple and easy.  What a great product!"
"I was looking for a keyboard to get back in to piano playing.  I had lessons as a young girl, played some with my children and got busy with life and let it slide.  I purchased the Yamaha and was delighted with the sound quality.  It is small enough as to not take up too much room.  The headphones are a great addition as I can practice without disturbing my husband."
"I won this sound bar through a facebook drawing. I already have a very nice Yamaha surround system in my house, so I thought I should give this sound bar to my parents who's TV has very poor sound. I was impressed with how well the sound bar filled the room with quality sound. This is probably the easiest componet I have ever connected to a TV. The sound is great, the product looks great, everything you would expect from Yamaha. It make you fill like you are in a room with an actual 5 speaker surround system. Me and my parents love it."
"I'll start by saying I don't know much about audio specifics or audio technology at all. However, I know when something sounds clean, clear and crisp and when something sounds like crap. This HTIB is definitely NOT crap."
"I'm a beginner and learning on this keyboard is great! It's simple with no complicated additions. The headphones that it comes with are generic, but they work fine for starter headphones. Same goes for the stand; doable for a starter. I love all!"
"I'm a big fan of Yamaha audio equipment. Their products are always well built and provide faithful music reproduction. My main A/V receiver is a Yamaha. When I decided that I wanted better sound for the 52\" plasma monitor in our bedroom, but didn't want to install a complete surround sound system, I started researching sound bars. The Yamaha YAS-101 seemed like the ideal choice, but I was worried about the apparent lack of bass mentioned by a number of reviewers. Now, I love bass, but I love real bass, not the one-note boom bass passed off by most speaker makers. Based on my experience, I decided to give the Yamahas a try; and boy am I glad I did. Lets be clear here - I'm an audiophile with 6 high end audio systems who listens mostly to classical and jazz music. I hate, loathe, and despise muddy, boomy bass. I want clean, linear sound that reproduces the actual timbre and timing of real instruments. The YAS-101s pass on all accounts. They provide clean, extended bass that is well-integrated with the midrange. My in-room mesurements show gradual bass rolloff below 50Hz, with audible output at 25HZ! This is excellent bass performance by any measure. Music lovers will love this speaker. Lovers of earthquake disaster movies, probably not so much. My only complaint is that I haven't been able to get the universal remote function to work; but this isn't even a minor inconvenience based on my system setup."
"I've been wanting surround sound in my room for about 7-8 years at least. Finally I decided to look up products. Came across this because I knew I wanted something Yamaha but for me personally that was the only requirement I had. This had good reviews on amazon so I read them all about 2 or 3 times. Had one of my brothers read the product description and reviews as well since I didn't even know what to look out for. It seemed like a good fit for my room. My room is actually two rooms in one (knocked down a dividing wall) but I only wanted the system on the half of the room with the tv. no point in putting speakers in the other half of the room. So I ordered this system with Prime and it got here two days later. Had my brother \"help\" put it together. (He really did everything while I watched and help put some wires into place. ) it took us a while and the only part we need the manual was for programming the remote and channel names. I immediately became so happy I chose this system and am sooo glad I found it on amazon. Everyone in my family was really surprised that this was so cheap compared to other systems and how well it works. You WILL ABSOLUTELY need to get 16g or 14g wires. Had the system for about a month now and haven't found anything I don't love about this system. So worth the money."
"It does everything it claims to do.  It is not as user friendly as I had hoped.  I bought it for my classroom and we have had to pull out the manual a few times.  Headphones are nothing special, but again you are looking at the price factor.  It also doesn't fit well on the stand; almost to the point that it is completely useless because it slides so much or is off balance."
"It may not be the top of the line, earth shaking sound system, but it really is quite efficient. We have it in our living room (20x12) to replace the TV speakers on the LG 55LW5600 we just purchased as we had been warned of inferior speakers on the newer televisions. We have had surround sound for over 5 years and I can count on one hand how often we've used it in the past 5 years. So, rather than upgrading the old receiver and having to have the surround sound on all the time, we looked into sound bars. We bought this one blind based on reviews and it sounds better than the ones we looked at when we visited Best Buy (except the Bose system, but that's a horse of a different color) The sound is clear and rich, and the built in subwoofer delivers decent lows (but they won't shake you off your seat). Hookup was very simple too, just plugged it in and away we went! It's not fancy but it's priced right and so far is doing an admirable job delivering quality sound for our TV. I'm no audiophile, but it certainly meets my needs. TV audio tends to be problematic for me at times, I often had trouble on our old TV clearly hearing what people are saying but the Yamaha's Clear Voice setting has helped me immensely in that regard."
"It sounds great everything works fine. A lot of power for the price. I've done a lot of searching with different systems I felt for what I wanted to spend this offered the most features and best sound out there."
"It works beautifully!"
"It's worth the price, my son needed this for piano lessons, he's 7, his teacher told me to get it at a music store but it was super pricy, and here it was inexpensive, yah!!!!!, this purchase was a best purchase,"
"Like another reviewer here, I bought this based on a review on Gizmodo. I live in an apartment in New York, so a full surround system would have taken up too much room and the cables would've been a nightmare! I am also a minimalist and although I love the full surround experience, I can't stand the obscene ugliness of speakers everywhere. I want my place to look like a grown up apt, not a concert venue. I am pairing this with an Optoma HD20 projector (I'm projecting onto a white wall, so when not on, no screen to look at!). I know what you're thinking, I'm pairing a huge projection image (97\" diagonally) with a wimpy soundbar? Yes. And guess what? It works great! The one big drawback to this setup is that I have to manually connect my video source (which is on the projector side of the room) to the soundbar across the floor with a 15' toslink (optical audio) cable. I didn't want to have it wired through my walls and ceiling. Anyway, I have a 3' cable permanently hooked up to the YAS101 with a female/female coupler on the other end so that I can easily plug and unplug the 15' cable. When not in use, I simply disconnect the long cable, coil it up and drop it out of sight."
"Love the keyboard.  Hate the stand.  Did not come with all the screws and doesnt fit correctly.  Yes, we have tried it every which way.  Also, there are no directions for the stand.  Would have been nice to have all the parts so we dont damage the keyboard as a result of a poor stand."
"Make sure you purchase the OPTIONAL power supply which adds an additional $15+ to the cost of the keyboard. Granted, this product is really just a toy, but I don't think it's unreasonable to expect Yamaha to include a power supply."
"Model # PKBS1, Portable Keyboard Stand.  Here are my set of instructions to assemble the keyboard stand."
"My daughter (10) received this for Christmas and loves the keyboard. It has a lot of high-end features, and Yamaha is a respected brand. The power supply that comes with the keyboard is fine, but has a pretty short cord. The headphones are fine, but are a bit bassy/slightly muffled in its sound reproduction. But the stand...yes it will hold the keyboard pretty securely after messing around with the height and the rubber grippers, but why send this mismatch of a stand with this package when the actual Yamaha stand that does fit it is available for $28.00 on its own? It just doesn't make sense. Make a package that includes the correct mfg. stand! Its a no-brainer...."
"My daughter loves the keyboard, but the headphones included are not compatible with the keyboard's jack.  VERY frustrating on Christmas morning to not be able to use your present."
"My granddaughter is taking piano lessons on this keyboard. She is 6 and it is working well.  My son-in-law is also teaching himself to play on it and the headphones comes in handy because he can practice after the kids are in bed at night and not risk waking them up."
"My hat is off to Yamaha on this streamlined well engineered sound bar.  I installed mine on top of a cabinet housing my 37 in Vizio LED HDTV and only used the included optical cable from TV to unit.  How simple.  The learning function quickly picked up the sound volume up/down and on/off functions from the TV remote, and since my cable remote uses the same signals, the cable remote is all that is needed for normal operation. When I turn the TV on, the sound bar comes on, and when I switch off the TV, the sound bar also goes off.  Special features like surround versus stereo effects, or clear voice are set by the Yamaha remote, but these are usually changed only once in a while, like for a football game or music.  We prefer to set the subwoofer volume high, which delivers decent base, along with the clear voice option, which delivers very crisp dialog.  For our size room, this 120 total watt (speakers plus built in sub woofer) has more than enough power.  There is no comparison to the original sound from the TV itself, which was flat.  I run the Yamaha sound bar with the TV speakers off entirely.  I also went to see the Bose Solo, which present a nice demo in the store setting.  Still, I think this Yamaha blows it away in sound quality, power, features - all for about half the price.  I don't think I need an external sub woofer, which is still an option for this unit, but not for the Solo."
"my husband is driving me nuts!! he plays even when using the bathroom.  but the keyboard is great hubby loves it."
"MY MUSIC TEACHER SUGGESTED I GET A KEYBOARD FOR PRACTICE.  SHE DID NOT RECOMMEND A YAMAHA BUT I WENT TO THE AMAZON SITE AND THERE IT WAS.  WHEN IT WAS DELIVERED, IT WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED AND NEITHER WAS MY TEACHER.  IT IS THE SAME AS AT MY MUSIC CLASS.  I WAS AMAZED AND VERY VERY PLEASED.  THE KEYS ARE LIKE A PIANO AND THE FEEL IS THE SAME.  THE QUALITY IS FLAWLESS.  GLAD I MADE THIS SELECTION."
"My son bought this to replace an older keyboard that didn't have all the digital features.  The stand is very handy and for such a modestly priced keyboard it has a lot of features.  For someone just starting out with the piano, this is a good beginner."
"My son was very excited to use the headphones that came with this keyboard, but they clearly do not fit with the headphone jack on the back of it.  This is very disappointing since the item is sold as a \"package.\"  If I'm missing something, someone please shed some light."
"Nice product for a good price, but instructions are confusing. Could not understand how to work the rhythm section, but the musical instruments are nice."
"Ok, so I just want to give you one observation and one tip. You can read all the other great reviews on sound quality, aesthetics, etc."
"received the order on time"
"Received the YHT-597 in new condition quickly using AmazonPrime. Saved $$$ from what it was priced at from local store. Set up was straight forward. Speaker wire supplied was not great, invested $10 in seperate spool of RCA wire. After setting up and running the microphone sound set up utility, started enjoying right away. Have a 15'x20' room that I'm able to shake the pictures off the wall pretty easily, so volume levels are no problem. Great sound for TV, movies and sports. Remote supplied has (what feels like 100's of) tiny buttons. Hopefully you dont need to use it since you may have a single Logitech remote that controls all home theater components. All in all, wanted a system that had enough umph for my room and sounded great. This unit really does the job."
"Son Loved it it went way above my expectations for the price I paid for it plan on buy other instruments in the future"
"Sound quality is certainly pleasing."
"suitable for begginners like me, for a very affordable prize....it didn't come with an AC adapter but it's fine, it shows all it's features. I'm very happy with it."
"Super nice sounding and looking, a huge improvement over the lame entry level sound bar I replaced (I wish I would have been tuned into this Yamaha bar from the start).  Easy to set up and use with very good bass response (for not having a sub, which I have no room for).  I have no idea of what the competition is at this $ level, but  I'd be surprised if anyone makes a better sounding bar at this price--I'd buy this again without hesitation."
"Synopsis:  I read all 102 reviews available (at the time), then purchased the unit, spent 2 days trying to set up \"correctly\", researched more and found a helpful review in Britain, finally got set up \"right\", not quite happy, went to listen to side-by-side comparisons of Bose Lifestyle, Cinemate Series II System, and the Cinemate 1 SR soundbar system.  That made the decision for me.  I kept the Yamaha YAS 101, and am quite happy with it now."
"The actual keyboard is great...I don't understand why it's being sold with a stand that is clearly not meant for the keyboard. There is no way to make the stand fit in the keyboard grooves where the stand obviously is meant to sit."
"The built in Sub-woofer does a good job if you don't want to hook up an external Sub-woofer, however it's worth your time to hook one up.  I do not recommend you have \"univolume\" on as it kills the woofers low tones such as explosions, the reason for the sub-woofer is to highlight the lows."
"The hardest part with the setup of this system is putting up the wire. Other than that everything was a breeze, the system works great and the sound is awesome. Playing Black Ops II on this system is awesome."
"The home theater is bang for the buck.Really good options.USB and AirPlay are awesome."
"The keyboard was shipped on time and I  received it promptly.  Everything was in good condition when it arrived."
"The keyboard works well but beware that the stand sold with it does not allow the keyboard to lock in and as such moves around. This needs to be clearly stated in the product description but it was not"
"The keyboard, stand and headphones are all great but obvious that they are not made for eachother.  The stand really does not fit the keyboard.  Keyboard just rests on it.  There are slots on the board for a stand but the one that came with it does not fit into the slots.  It does the job.  Basically everything works fine and looks nice.  It was a great deal and my kids love it."
"The old adage of \"you get what you pay for\" usually holds true for most products/services....except for when it comes to this Yamaha Home Theater System- you get much much more than you pay for.  As with many of the reviewers, I spent a lot of time researching different systems and listening to many systems at stores and at friends' homes.  Yamaha has always had a good reputation in music, so I knew when I finally decided on this system it would be good.  I was just looking for a good value that came with good sound.  You naysayers out there about this system, go spend 5K and enjoy the hype and marketing of overpriced sound systems.  You will be shocked by the big sound from such a small system - don't let the lightweight speakers fool you, they can really pump out some high fidelity.  This system really brings your movies to life.  If you are spending more than this system on a home theater you are throwing your money away.  Bottom line is that unless you are a true audiophile who studies sound dynamics, you would not be able to tell the difference in sound quality from this Yamaha system and a $3,000+ system.  You will love it!"
"The power chord only works 1 out of 5 times.. the keyboard will never turn on!  If it did work, this would be a good value given the price.  But the keyboard will not consistently turn on."
"The product was shipped in a reasonable amount of time.  It was packaged well and all the parts were there."
"The sound on this is amazing. We did re-wire it with 14 gauge speaker wire, and we also decided to change the wire that the sub came with. The wiring just seems substandard for a system that can produce such great sound. The speakers are small enough to fit just about anywhere. The receiver is fairly large and heavy, so I definitely suggest measuring wherever you want to put it just in case it doesn't fit. Really, we have no complaints."
"The sounds of this keyboard are really great, but if you want to get the most out of them, I would really recommend getting the sustain switch (cheap but works as a sustain pedal) that comes in the Yamaha Survival Kit B. Also in this kit you will get the power supply for the keyboard (important because it does not come in the basic keyboard package)."
"The stand does not fit properly and the power cord does not operate the keyboard.  Will definitely be returning this item."
"The stand that came with the package is a generic keyboard stand that doesn't fit this keyboard."
"The system sounded good but within about two weeks the USB connection for the iPod became loose and would cause it to stop playing mid-song.  After about a week of jiggling it around to get it to work, it stopped working completely.  Return shipping was $75 so I could have done without that extra expense and hassle of getting it to the UPS store.  The remote was more complicated than I would like...lots of tiny little buttons.  After returning this system, I ended up buying a Pioneer receiver and the remote is much more user friendly, in my opinion."
"The YAS-101 is a great soundbar. I hooked the sound to the back of my Panasonic TC-P42S1 Plasma TV using the supplied optical cable. Make sure to turn the sound off on the TV. The soundbar really gets the job done (IMHO)"
"There are certainly more impressive sound systems to be had. But if you are looking for something with a simple 10min setup and good deep sound with a clear sharp high end, this is a good choice."
"This elegant sound bar has improved the sound of My 50\" Panasonic Plasma HDTV, which has eight little rear firing speakers plus a small sub all built in to it. Connected {directly} to my Blue-ray player via optical link, and don't even think of connecting it any other way, I get punch ,dynamics and bass during scenes with horrendous action. Gives me that impressive thrill factor when I need it. During scenes with talk and dialogue, I get clear, intelligible sound so I don't miss out on spoken words. The unit will learn your TV remote making on /off ,volume up & down more convenient to use. However, it will not learn the mute function - a disappointment."
"This is a great first keyboard.  It is easy to play and makes it fun to learn how to play the keyboard."
"This is more than good enough if you want to de-clutter and use a single equipment to play audio for your TV. Just make sure that the internal sub-woofer is turned \"ON\" as is the case when I just got mines. Was reading the manual that came with it to try and turn it on with no success. Eventually found an updated manual with a correction as to which buttons to press to turn it back on. Not the kick @$$ bass of a Bose but like I said more than good enough. Bought it refurbished like new from Amazon Warehouse Deals and have no regrets."
"This keyboard is a great buy. Got it for my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.  Didn't have any trouble with the stand as others did."
"This piano was exactly what I was looking for. Very portable, great sound and great product overall!! I really am glad I bought this and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good piano that is relatively cheaper."
"This product is very nice.  I did read reviews prior to buying it and I understand what was meant by this product was pieced together but it all worked just fine for us.  The stand isn't the best but it works.  We are just going to get velcroe strips to put on the botton of the keyboard and on the stand to hold it in place.  That will work just fine.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good keyboard.  My favorite feature is the headphones because my daughter can play all day and I don't have to hear it if I don't want to.  I would buy from this seller again."
"This solved our master bedroom's biggest dilemma beautifully - the incredibly lifeless sound eminating from our gorgeous Samsung LCD panel mounted on the wall.  I won the 1080p/HD-DVR larger is better argument but needed an unobtrusive augmentation to the crappy built-in speakers."
"This system might be the best value in home theater. Turned my TV into a movie theater!  Music rolls through my room now."
"Turned out to be perfect for me. I love to play Bach and other baroque composers, so since they wrote for harpsichord and fortepiano (fewer keys than modern pianos), I can play everything they wrote on this 61-key Yamaha right here in my tiny apartment. This model has all the rhythm choices and instrument voices you could want without being so automatic that it feels like a toy. The headphones are a bonus when there's ambient city noise or it's late at night. Other reviewers had difficulty with the stand, but they must have assembled it incorrectly. The keyboard is designed to rest atop the crossbars, not fit into the stand in any way. Try sliding the rubber sleeve supports in or out on the crossbars to balance the keyboard properly atop the stand. Also, make sure you have the height adjuster knob facing away from you as you sit at the keyboard and that the wider ends of all crossbars are facing toward you (measure the screw-hole to end distance if you have to). This will give you enough legroom when you sit at the keyboard. The two longer bars rest on the floor, of course, and the two shorter ones support the keyboard."
"Unlike other reviews of this product I did not have any issues with the Stand provided. It was easy to assemble and although it was not desiged for the keyboard it still works adequately. The Key board itself is perfect for my limited use. The Grand Piano function is perfect, it sounds exactly like a grand piano. The Instruction manual is not very comprehensve but it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out the functions. Still a more detailed instruction manual would have been nice. It does not record any of your compositions for playback so if you want that feature don't get this model. But for the beginner who is just learning this product is very good for the money."
"Very fast shipping and I love the product!  The only thing that disappointed me is that the headphones did not fit well and it felt a little bent out of place, but I guess that is acceptable since I do not need to headphones, just the piano, stand, and the jack.  Thank you! :)  Everything was as the description said."
"Very great sounding system."
"Very nice speakers that added not only volume (loudness) to the inadequate TV speakers, but also quite a bit of bass as well. Connected the speakers to the TV via optical connection, turn the built-in TV speakers off, and it works perfectly. The remote learning likewise was fairly simple, although the manual wasn't clear about what the \"main unit\" is referring to the sound bar speaker. So about 30 minutes later, everything was done. Sound was nice and clear, the built-in sub woofer provides tight booms -- obviously not room shaking levels, but a nice boost from the TV's."
"Was tired of muffled sounds from flat screens after selling my theater setup several years ago, this looked like a good refurbished value to try. I ended up buying three of them, one for each tv in the house.  My wife always complains she cannot understand people talking on the tv, this units clear voice made a huge difference for her. Xbox game sounds are infinitely better, especially the bass parts that were nearly absent from the tv speakers.  Eventually I'll want another theater setup but for less than $200 this was a great value and does not involve extensive wiring or loads of equipment. The main improvement that is needed is auto shut off with tv, I will be trying a surge strip with auto shutoff soon to see if it solves that problem."
"We are extremely happy with the keyboard.  It was a gift for the granddaughter and when the earphones are plugged in it is the greatest.  It hides all the wrong notes so we do not hear them from across the room."
"We use it mainly for enhancing the sound of the TV and movies. It is wonderful to hear sound like you're at the theater. I like the Internet music feature and setting bookmarks to our favorite Internet music stations using the yradio.vtuner.com site. The Airplay feature makes listening to your favorite songs so easy. My wife was amazed when I had her connectd to it with her ITunes."
"When I found that I had to fully max out my LED TV's volume whenever the AC came on, I knew it was time to find some better speakers than the tiny built-in ones. I don't like the clutter of surround sound or sub woofers, so I thought I could get some passable sound out of this unit without sacrificing the aesthetic of the room. When I unboxed it, I immediately liked how clean it looked. After connecting it to the PS3, I put on Inception to test it out. I was pretty blown away. For being so small and having built-in sub woofers, I thought the sound was really full. It's not theater-quality, but for the price and size, you can't beat it. It definitely surpassed my expectations."
"Works great! My only complaint is that the subwoofer cable is too short when you have the receiver in a closet and the subwoofer clear across the room. Ordered a fairly inexpensive longer replacement RCA cable and the problem is solved."
"You purchase a  Home Theater System for great sound. This system delivers that beautifully!!"
"You would expect sound quality to be good on this, and it certainly is. The bass is clear, and the five-channel surround is accurate."
