"This is the newest ""Smart"" TV from Vizio.  Many new features at a much lower price ($369 list)."
"Bought  this TV after a lot of research looking for the best bang for the buck on a bedroom TV.  TV's picture is AWESOME!  My cable connection is just basic standard def, but still looks good.  (I tried some over the air HD signals for a little while and it was an awesome picture.)  I've streamed Netflix in HD and it looks very good.  I still had to use my Comcast digital converter box (not real happy about that, but it's ok)."
"I've read a lot of reviews before deciding on this HDTV.This HDTV offers a superb value for anyone looking for a Smart TV that has solid picture quality for 299.00.There are a lot of 32 inch TVs with neither.I included a review from David Katzmaier Senior Editor from CNET that has reviewed this TV.Type CNET and enter E320i-A0 in the search bar and enjoy the review[...] and I included more information from VIZIO. Type VIZIO and enter  E320i-A0 in the search bar and enjoy[...]. Even though it's a 32 inch TV you'll get a lot more screen real estate than you realize.Personally anyone can spend more,but why.I wasn't looking for a 1080P 3DTV and at 299.00 I am able to afford it."
"I would definitely recommend this TV to anyone looking for a smart TV on a budget. We don't currently have cable so we purchased it mostly for its internet apps. They work very well. The biggest downfall using the apps is the TV remote. Since it is not a full QWERTY keyboard, typing in what you would like to watch can be annoying. We use the YouTube app a lot but searching can be a pain without the full keyboard. Luckily, we downloaded the YouTube remote controller app and are able to set up playlists from our phone once we have the YouTube app up and running on our TV. Great solution! We also use the Netflix app and have had some problems with it. Every once in a while the show we are watching freezes up and then after a few seconds our TV turns itself off. We think it is just the NetFlix app itself because we haven't encountered this problem when watching it through our Wii or Xbox. Other than those few problems the apps work fast and well. I will be looking into getting Amazon Prime soon so I am able to access their streaming videos as well. We have also tried using a USB drive to load movies and shows onto our screen as well. Tips for anyone doing this, the video files that this TV can read are avi. and mp4. You need to have the TV turned off when plugging in your USB drive in order for the TV to recognize the device, as well as turning it off before removing it. Plays videos well; we ended up purchasing a USB drive specifically for watching videos and movies on the TV. This TV does not recognize large external hard drives. We tried using our 1.5 TB hard drive but it was not registering on our TV."
"First, thanks to all the great reviews here, they helped me make what I feel is the best purchase for my needs. I'm adding to the reviews because I wanted to praise the ease of set up. 30 minutes from box to watching Big Bang Theory. Had the wifi set up, the tv set up, speakers and getting the hang of the remote and settings."
"I just bought this HDTV from our local Costco. I selected this model because it is the cheapest LCD TV I could find that has DLNA support. For DLNA support, the specifications for this TV simply list ""Yes"". When I got this TV home, I tried accessing some MP4 videos through DLNA. My DLNA server is a Windows 7 PC running Windows Media Center. When I select the MP4 video, I get the messages ""Video codec not support"" and ""Audio codec not support"".  My Samsung HDTV is able to access the MP4 videos through DLNA without any problem. In fact, if I copy the MP4 video onto a USB memory stick, I can then play the video on the Vizio TV through its USB port. It baffles me as to why Vizio would support MP4 video playing through the USB port but not DLNA."
"This is a great choice for an internet-ready TV -- the built in apps for Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, Hulu+, and many other services work very well.  You can find older models from Vizio that offer the features and picture quality at a lower price, but those sets are very ""sluggish"" in running internet apps.  For example, launching Netflix on this set takes about 3 seconds, on the older line it takes about 30 seconds."
"I had higher expectations from the other reviews of this model. It's great for the price picture wise but the sound is lacking.  I feel like I am constantly turning it up and trying new equalizer combinations, only to find that it sounds like it's coming from far away.  So if you are using separate speakers this would not matter.  It is a Smart TV with built in access to Netflix, Hulu Plus etc, which is why I bought it.  I'm not sure if this is the fault of Hulu or the TV but I have to say using Netflix has been seamless, using Hulu has not been so seamless.  I have had bad connections, choppy sound and video.  Constantly turning it off and on again to try to get it to work, sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't.  I bought this model  to take advantage of the wifi capabilities because my router is far from the TV, so I know I could move it and plug it in directly and maybe that would alleviate the issues, but I'm not convinced and that would defeat the point of having wifi."
SHORT AND SWEET!
"This TV is great for bedrooms and smaller rooms.  We replaced an awful Panasonic VIERA TC-L32C5.  In the end this TV was $40 more but provides good colors (with minimal adjustments), pretty good black levels, great sound and a ton of extra features - like Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc."
"Just got this baby less than 24 hours ago.  So this review covers initial impressions, ease of setup, etc."
I use the 32inch version for watching Netflix while running on the treadmill.  Previous reviews of earlier VIZIO models complained that Netflix was slow to load and navigate.  This version does not suffer from this issue.  I found it more responsive than my (4-year old) ROKU box.
"I got got this tv for the bedroom.  Setting it up was pretty easy, but I cannot connect to the Internet.  The picture on it is very good, and everything works like it should, with the exception of the Internet."
The wifi set up was great.  The tv found y network immediately.
I was looking for an afordable smart TV so I could watch Netflix. This TV was easy to program and set to watch netflix. I love the picture quality and sound. I'm a hard of hearing person and I usually have to have my TV quite loud not because I can't hear the sound but because the quality and clearness of sound is not good enough for me to understand speech. This TV has great sound quality and now I don't have to put up volume too high to understand it. I love it and I recommend it.
"Nice picture, Good apps. If it had a web browser I would give it 5 stars."
"I bought this TV for the wifi smart features. The built in wifi on this TV SUCKS! It will not stream anything without cutting in and out. We have Roku's on other TVs that are further from the wireless router and they will stream just fine without lagging. We have a dual band N router, and road runner extreme internet through Time Warner. This TV should have no problems streaming netflix or Hulu."
"Audio sounds tinny; you will need to add a sound bar.  Also, after about 30 minutes on one channel the audio lags a full second behind the video; you have to wire the sound directly from the cable box to the sound bar to remedy this."
Awesome Features and Awesome Picture Quality. The Apps are great and easy to use and setup and the Initial Setup for the TV was a Breeze. Great Tv I would Recommend this TV to anyone looking for an entry level Smart LED TV
It took a little extra time to be shipped but considering; it was after the mad online rush for black friday and cyber monday it shipped relatively quickly.
"When I first started looking for a tv for my bedroom, I wasn't considering a smart tv. After researching several tvs that were not smart tvs I came across a review of the Vizio 32"" smart tv. The price was just a little more and after considering everthing it made sense to purchase the Vizio smart tv. Tv was delivered 3 days earlier than estimated.  Set up was a breeze. Picture is ok, sometimes the picture is a little dark and colors are a little washed out. Adjusting the picture and color was easy. I'm satisfied with my purchase. I also purchased a blue ray player but I haven't tried it yet. I exect the picture playing videos to be find. Yes I would recommend to a friend."
"I've had this TV for a few weeks now. No complaints so far. Just about anything would have been an improvement from my 15 year old, 19"" tube. I think I made the right choice though. Has all the features I wanted. For the price, you can't beat it. It's energy efficient and should save me some $. Amazon instant videos, however, will probably put me in more debt."
"Totally satisfied considering the size and cost.  I doubt with the size of the screen you would be able to see a difference between 720p and 1080p or whether it's lit with LEDs or florescent lights.  A plus is the internet applications (Netflix, Pandora, Amazon etc) that make this TV ""Smart"".  A minus is the tinny audio, but this is a bedroom TV that I use to watch the news and talk shows until I fall asleep.  Also, I found the remote took some time to get used to because the layout and buttons are not as logical as others I have used.  Cnet has posted the optimal video settings for this model if you want to adjust the picture yourself."
"This is an ok TV.  The picture comes in nicely, the sound is good.  The size is perfect for the bedroom.  The remote does not bother me because for the most part I use the cable remote.  But the remote does feel flimsy and that it could break easily.  I am thinking of ordering another while this model is still being produced because I have a feeling down the line I may need. it.  The main problem with this TV is that it takes a LONG time to turn on.  I have Sony Bravia Smart TV that does not take nearly as long.  And a lot of times both the TV and cable are on and nothing happens or it freezes and I have to restart.  Glad I did not spend a lot of money on this one"
This TV has great picture quality.  The moment I turned it on I noticed everything looked much more crisp than a couple other TVs I had.  The sounds seems to work fine.  I didn't adjust any of the settings so it seems to come out of the box pretty much ready to go.
"A smart TV priced very well.  We needed a TV for a guest room and wanted it to be ""smart"" and finding this product filled our need completely.  Picture every bit as good as our much larger and pricier Sharp Aquos we use as our primary TV."
"Have no complaints about the picture, better, it seems, than my larger and much more expensive plasma. Sound is just okay, but it is very easy to plug a sound bar into it."
Love this TV
"TV arrived super fast (3-days).  Easily setup and connect to WiFi.  Picture quality is at good as my Sony, LG and Samsung flat screens. Extremely small border.  Sound is acceptable.  I am satisfied with the purchase"
"We purchased this t.v. for a bedroom about a month ago. The size is perfect for the location; the picture quality is excellent and setup was quite easy. Don't know yet about its endurance over time, but so far, I would recommend this product."
"I cannot stop congratulating myself for buying this Vizio TV.  When I made that decision, I did not know that it has internal WIFI capability, it was easy to set up and even easier to navigate the menu.  The applications are awesome!, and the image quality is incredible, clear, brilliant colors.  I own a Sony 46"" LCD and a Samsung Smart TV 42"", and VIZIO is literally rocking their boat.  I recommended, as a matter of fact I want to buy another one."
"So, to start off, the picture is very good.  The anti-glare treatment on the screen works pretty well, and the off-angle viewing is very good both to the sides and vertically (important if you're, say, mounting this for view in a bedroom where you may be either standing up or laying down while watching).  I also liked the way that the stand attaches and removes, as it doesn't leave a stupid piece sticking out on a wall mount (the necessary allen wrench for attaching/removing the base was included, too).  It's got a nice downward-angled attachment for the power cord and the jacks on the back orient plugs parallel to the wall, so you can mount this quite close to a wall.  The frame also looked nice, though it felt pretty cheap / flimsy.  But how often do you handle a TV? :)"
"This TV was delivered January 15, 2013 and although it was easy enough to set up it no longer works very well using the built in Netflix function. In the beginning it would load fine, but now it takes longer and when you select a program to watch it stops during the program and tries to reload the program, which it sometimes does.  Other times it tells us to try later or check with Netflix.com.  It's NOT Netflix that's the problem!  When we go to our other TV, which doesn't have the built in Netflix feature, the program load and we're able to watch it through without interruption!  This TV is apparently too SMART for it's own good!  I just ordered a Roku LT through Amazon so we can use this Vizio family room TV to watch Netflix again!"
"I bought this TV  from  Amazon, 2 days back, Impressed with the quality even with 720P, Worth a buy @ $278 from Amazon for a smart HDTV. Installtion steps are simple as I connected WIFI and Cable in a minute and watched Movies in Netflix right away without any breaks or buffering (My WIFI modem is so close to TV). Got a Dilemma between Samsung HDTV and this one, As Samsung doesnt guaranteed the Smart version, I opted this one and quite happy with this."
The TV is definitely not smart.
"I'm no tech snob, but after getting burned by my last bargain TV purchase, I researched this time, and I'm happy to report that this one lives up to the great reviews! It was easy to set up and easy to use. Picture, color, sound quality and TV interface are high quality. My only complaints are minor: the remote is small, with small, hard-to-read and -feel buttons. It's handy to have a smart TV, but this TV's built-in interface for Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, etc., is not as complete or as easy to use as the Roku Box interface."
"This television was purchased to replace a dinosaur of a 19"" TV.  Since it was in a smaller room, (12'x14') I decided to try a 720p versus a 1080.  I decided to try one with the Smart TV options as I have been a Prime member for about 6 months."
"You can't beat the price for this TV, it's a Smart TV, LED, Vizio. It's got a lot of things going for it, from the sleek design to easy set up. There are a lot of things to like."
"I am enjoying my new VIZIO tv. The picture and sound are quite acceptable. It comes with lots of great features. I had to return my first one due to a purple haze that covered part of the screen...almost like someone ran a magnet over it or something. Other than that, the wireless connectivity seems to be a bit weaker than some other devices I have had in the same place. But when the Internet connects, it is extremely fast. Netflix starts a movie in about a second. I'd recommend this tv to anyone despite a couple minor limitations."
"I use this TV only for Netflix, Amazon, Pandora and Hulu plus. No antenna, no cable. No ethernet, either, works great on wifi. It's replacing a computer that we had set up in front of the couch that we nicknamed ""the tv"". I was happy with programming selection, just wanted a bigger clearer screen."
