"htc droid incredible is a nice upgrade from the htc eris i used for two years,  i like to buy the phones new out of contract once they become slightly outdated , they still work great but i don't pay full price or get locked in.  so  far the incredible has been very reliable and easy to use,  battery life is just fine , i use the advanced app killer all the time. so far so good,  i think one thing people fail to remember is that these are phones with small batteries that some ask to do the things of a laptop all day that has a battery 100x the size . realistic expectations are required and you will be satisfied with your smart phone."
"I pre-ordered this phone and got it the day it came out in April 2010.  Since day one it has been a reliable phone that gets strong signal here in Phoenix.  21 months later I upgraded to a new dual-core, 4G phone only because I got the upgrade for free.  I was more than ready to stay with my Incredible for even longer.  The phone wasn't perfect and there were 2 clear downs to it.  The first being the brightness of the screen.  It was not very useful outside.  This was common in all of the 1st generation AMOLED screens.  Second, 3.7"" is the absolute minimum screen size for a usable phone.  The phone I switched to is 4.3"" and there is a noticible difference.  That said, the phone never gave me trouble.  It could play all early generation games, was great on WiFi and 3G alike, and came with a sturdy Sense skin from HTC that I loved.  On the extended battery I got an easy 18 hours of battery life, which was more than enough."
"It works for me.  I use it obviously for a phone, for email, texting, Twitter, Facebook, Words with Friends, camera, as a PDA.  I got an extra battery, but I really do not have a problem with the battery.  Perhaps with a day of heavy use.  I just got it because of the reviews about battery life.  I even have the live wallpaper, which does not seem to affect the battery life.  It is not the newest phone out, so I am sure there is better, but to buy a phone to be contract free, I love it."
"In a small office, we've used the Droid X, HTC Rhyme and Thunderbolt (which has a terrible battery) but surprisingly enough, the Incredible has been the most reliable performer !"
"I've had my HTC Incredible since December 2010, and after 2 full years, it's still going as strong as the day I got it (as of December 2012). I think it's been a long enough ""trial period"" for me to finally write a review about it."
"Lost my blackberry so decided to get a droid. Bought an HTC Incredible. Listed as ""used"" when I opened the package, it was still in the original box! And it came right on time. Verison activated it for free so I was able to keep my plan the same. All is good!"
"When I received the phone I thought it was in good shape, but I have immense difficulty when it comes to calls. I can't hear people and they can't hear me. Half the time the conversation is, ""Can you hear me now?"""
"In a small office, we've used the Droid X, HTC Rhyme and Thunderbolt (which has a terrible battery) but surprisingly enough, the Incredible has been the most reliable performer !"
"This phone is basically unusable.  I have had non-stop, neverending problems, bugs, issues nearly from day one and sadly I can confirm and report that it is not just me, not just this one particular phone, not just one bad item in a batch of good ones.  The research I have done each time I come across a new problem with this thing has only proven that thousands of other people have had the same problems.  That is not to say that some people who own this phone have had no problems, that may be, but there at least as many who have had the same issues I have."
This phone is very well built. It doesn't break easily. Its HD camera is great for video and photos. Its casing is made of a very strong material. Its graphic quality is excellent! This phone also has a very fantastic light on the back of it and its very good for dark places. Its sound is very loud and will alert you. It is touch screen. Its just the perfect size.
"This phone arrived on time from the seller, as described and everything.  The phone is exactly what I needed for my new job.  The camera is good, it takes great pictures.  The screen looks good and has good clarity.  The phone is hard to bog down using a number of different apps.  The only downside is that the battery took a while to charge (I charged it for about 18 hours yesterday and it got full, but that might be because it was new).  All in all, a great phone."
Purchased the phone without the Verizon contract due to our company having a business account.  The phone arrived in two days and works as advertised.  Only issue I could evcen think of is that the USB port for charger is not in as good a shape as rest of the phone and one has to be careful when plugging it in.
"I've had this phone for about 15 months, or rather, I've had a total of 4 of these phones over 15 months. I received this phone as a college graduation present from my parents and LOVED it. I did my research, and decided to go with the Dinc2 even though the day I got it, Verizon began selling the iPhone. It was great.. until about 8 months later. The charging port stopped working. It would ""charge"" and then die within an hour. I brought it to the store and told them it was the charging port, and, instead, gave me a new battery. When I still had the same problem the next day, they ordered me a replacement phone."
"I bought this phone November 7th, 2012. Of course, it's too late now to get my money back! This phone started having problems within 4 months of purchase...... According to the seller, the phone was BRAND NEW in the box and when I received it, it appeared to be all in order. The only thing I use the phone for is basically phone calls, minimal texting, minimal emailing..... that's it. Too busy to do much else. The first thing to go wrong with the phone - the touch screen would become unresponsive and then suddenly be okay again. Then it would start randomly shuffling apps and icons across the screen, freeze and then start all over again."
Had problems finding a phone that works on Page Plus. So I ordered this phone because I had one before on their network and I knew it works great.
I was nervous when ordering this phone since I have always gottoen my phones from the Verizon store but have had no problems.  works great.  real happy.  received on time.
I was charging this phone 3 to 4 times a day jsut on normal use and it would still die before I plugged it in for an over night charge. I ran battery saver apps and task killers tono avail. this phone is junk don't bother.
"This phone is one of the best I have had. Takes good pictures and can handle most apps that I want to have on. I do my amazon purchase from this phone, I do My facebook time from this phone, I even sometimes go on netflix, it does run my battery but most phones have this problem. Overall I like this phone very much."
"I bought this phone when it was released 2+ years ago. Had poor reception right out of the box, usually one bar, in my house where my Palm Centro (you read it right) got 2 bars in my house. Kept hearing about people having reception trouble but I was hoping future software upgrades would fix it and the reception issues stayed the same. Fact is the phone's functionality worsened with the latest software upgrade back in July and several days ago, my phone went into the rebooting frenzy and would not stop. Tried removing the battery, SD card, kept it off for several minutes then hours, overnight and nothing worked. Took it to a Verizon store and was told the software is corrupted and my phone is now a useless 'brick.' After reading posts after posts about the issues with this phone, I'm having second thought if I should even buy another HTC ""smartphone"" again."
"I purchased this phone so that I wouldn't have to extend my service contract for another two years.  I received it charged it up and transfered service; good to go right?  Not so much,  the phone wouldn't hold a charge and so I contacted the seller.  They sent me out a replacement to the same day; along with a return mailer so that I could send back the orginally at their cost.  The new phone came and things were ok but by the end of the second week the second phone was shut off, not holding a charge and freezing up.  I contacted the seller once to let them know that I was sending it back and it was not a problem.  The problem I had was with the phone only which was no fault of the seller.  I would not buy another one of these phones but I would use this seller again without question; their name is Celluar Direct and they are out of Michigan."
"I bought this phone last spring and of had nothing but problems with it,,I have had 6 phones in the past 9 months,,They stop charging on me so i take it and they give me another one,,then it happens again,,My advice do not waste your money or time with this phone,,"
"Nice phone. Was afraid it would not be in the shape that it said it would be online. When I opened it, it was in better shape. Easy to use. Had a couple problems with it freezing, but other than that like phone very much. I don't even think I am going to upgrade when I can. Will get phones from amazon again instead of paying cell company prices"
"I was actually pretty excited about it when I first got it. The camera quality is pretty amazing in my opinion and I like the display of widgets such as the time and weather but that's minor stuff. I only had it for a year before it started freezing, doing crazy stuff with my SD card, making my apps act crazy, and pretty much completely ticking me off. I'll go to open my facebook or instagram app and it will open other things like my contacts or pictures instead. I had to recover my contacts MULTIPLE times (thank goodness for Google contacts option) and had plenty of scares where I went to look at pictures or listen to music and it would claim that there was no SD card or the files couldn't be found. Usually I only had to reset the phone or leave it alone for a while but I REALLY hate when that happens. The more recent thing that has been happening to really get under my skin is the fact that I have an 8gb SD card and it keeps saying ""insufficient memory"" when I try to add new songs or pictures. I don't have many apps, I've moved pictures and songs to my computer to free up space and ""insufficient memory"" still pops up. Talk about angered! I'm now looking for a new phone but reluctantly because there really isn't a ""smartphone"" out these days that doesn't pull this crap eventually. I'm tempted to just go back to a flip phone -_-"
"Did not end up getting this phone from amazon. I tried, but the first one came in broken. was not handled well by breed. however, I do now have an incredible and I am not disappointed. don't get me wrong, there are much more sophisticated phones out there, but this one is excellent for its price. it also a lot less shoddy then the newer low tier smartphones you can get at this price."
it has the basic necessities for a phone:
"At the end of the day you really dont know one seller from the next you can do as much research as you want but it comes down to them keeping there word and in this case they have :) my wife had the incredible before but the lcd got cracked i tryed a self re[air didnt work so i came to mobile spree 3 words FAST, GREAT SERVICE,  Product was is excellent condition, the thing i liked the most was that a post card came with the phone saying if your not satisfied gives us a  call most companies dont do this. A+ in my book will be doing business with them again."
I have another one that is why I ordered a second. A good phone that is reasonably priced. The Incredible is just that.
"I loved my old phone but was reluctant to get a new one through my carrier because I wanted to keep my low monthly contracted amount so decided to buy it outright.  This was the best price given on-line so I decided to order it.  Though the 1st one arrived with a battery unable to take a charge, as soon as I contacted the seller the item was promptly replaced at no cost to me and the seller checked to see if I was happy with replacement.  That meant a lot to me!!!!  Things happen and products can be defective no matter where you buy them.  I was quite impressed with the ease in which the seller corrected the problem for me.  Highly recommend and will definitely use this seller again."
It more than filled my expectations.  I needed a new phone to replace the one I accidentally trashed.  Since my contract period was not up for another 8 months I was looking for a phone that would be inexpensive to buy.  I found this used one which was in great shape.
"I recieved this phone as a present its completely cute. Everyone thinks I got an iphone because it has its similarities, but I dont want an iphone for a reason."
A great buy for my son who lost his phone...again...it beats buying brand new from Verizon which means you renew your contract for another two years.
Phone is in great working conditon. Ive had this phone about a month and i have not had any issues with it. I would without a doubt buy from this seller again.
this is a prepaid phone and was my first smartphone. I had no idea how to work it. but all features were easily figured out.  no problem with  setup. I would recomend this phone
"Never will I purchase any merchandise from this company again. I ordered the HTC Droid on October 13th, and returned it to Cellphones-4u due to it not staying powered up. Prior to returning to Cellphones-4u, I tried a new battery and even took the phone to a local cell phone store. I was told the phone had a problem with its main system board. Mailed back to Cellphones-4u for refund or replacement as per their request. I never received either a refund or cellphone. Finally called Amazon for assistance. Cellphones-4u told Amazon I agreed to settle - which was a total untruth. I called Cellphones-4u and told them they were fraudulent, and I didn't appreciate their dishonesty. Then, Cellphones-4u told Amazon they never received my phone. I had confirmation of return shipping and receipt numbers. Just received refund today from Amazon, after a lengthy investigation from Amazon. October 13 until December 15th to settle this case. Amazon was great!! The seller receives a zero."
"The phone was good when I purchased it 2 years ago. Fast forward to today after the updates that have occurred over the last 2 years. The phone is now running Android Ginger Bread. Since then I've had repeated low on memory issues which results in my e-mail not syncing. I have to constantly clear cache in my applications in order to clear the low memory warning. Doing this forces you to have to re-log into all your apps. Moved as many apps to SD card as phone would allow. The phone doesn't allow you to move the built-in crapware supplied by Verizon to the SD card. From reading the online forums there seems to be some kind of memory leak or log files that keep growing that consumes all of the phones internal memory. The only way to fix is root the phone, voiding any support or warranty from Verizon or any other carrier. This is a known issue that Verizon or HTC doesn't have a fix for. I'm not a fan of Verizon support. Standard answer for everything seems to be pull the battery. Looking for a new phone, something other than HTC. Maybe I'll go with an iPhone the next time around."
I broke my phone by accident and got a perfectly fine upgrade for 1/2 the price. It even included extra battery and cover.
I bought this phone with high hopes after reading some cnet reviews.  I am pleased so far but had to use a different cord to charge the phone.  The cord that came with the phone is bad and would not let the phone charge.  I tried charging it overnight to see that it didn't work in the morning.  I read somewhere that the cord might be bad so I switched to a different one and the phone finally took the charge.  It really is disappointing that the cord was bad right out of the box.  I hope the phone continues to work.  I like the features but was stressing out about it not charging.
"While the phone is not terrible, the battery only charges to 75% and loses the charge after 10 minutes.  Very disappointed."
"The description listed this phone as new, but upon trying to activate it, I learned that it was in fact a used phone. I still like the phone, but would have appreciated  little honesty in the marketing process along with a price break that accompanies used merchandise."
Terrible battery. Lags all the time. System update never works. Had to reboot it 5 times... only reason I gave it two stars is because it is better than my old blackberry. Can't wait to get rid of it.
