12 of 15 people found the following review helpful

4.0 out of 5 stars **Confessions of an iPhone user**, January 30, 2013






In summary: Good phone if you come with midrange expectations, hopefully
Samsung will include better specs next time around.

  
Recently my iPhone didn't just crack, it shattered the very first time I
dropped it. I've never been opposed to trying an android phone, just didn't
want to commit 2 years and a large sum of money to something I could
potentially hate, in addition I'm not interested in phones that are
approaching the size of my face. In short I've been quite impressed and the
transition was simple as pie. This is not a competitor of the iPhone 5, the
specs are just not there, this is a competitor of the iPhone 4S, so I will
articulate the differences. At the time of writing this, the Galaxy S3 mini is
a full $200+ cheaper (around 40% cheaper) than the iPhone 4S yet I feel nearly
comparable in quality.

  
Physical Size: The Galaxy S3 mini is nearly the same size as the iPhone 4S,
minimally larger, even though it has a 4 inch screen vs. the iPhone 4S 3.5
inch. In fact, it's so similar, the Glaxy S3 mini fits into the phone sleeve I
bought for the iPhone. I have medium sized hands (like, literally, I work in a
lab and wear size medium latex gloves), and I think this is the perfect size,
my thumb barely reaches the top left corner while still holding the phone
securely (i.e. with the first knuckle of my other fingers). I hope they keep
future models in the 4" (max 4.2") range, a 5" is just not necessary or
comfortable to walk around with in your pocket.

  
Display: Again, 4 inch display vs. 3.5 inch on iPhone 4s, though there are
less pixels (480x800 vs 640x960, respectively, 38% less). You can look at this
two ways, because you have a 4" screen, you "get" to hold it farther away, or
because of the lower pixel density, you "have" to hold it farther away
(without noticing the pixels). This just means you just don't get the same
clarity if you want to examine something closely. That said, all you have to
do is watch the video included in the Gallery of the phone to be wow'ed by the
screen, the colors do pop and it looks very nice. Just when you are reading
text, the pixels are noticeable, especially if you are accustomed to a
"retina" screen.

  
Responsiveness: iPhone users will know the responsiveness of the screen, when
you move your finger it looks like you are pushing a coin across the table. On
the Galaxy S3 mini, there is a tiny bit of delay, this is more noticeable when
moving the finger fast. In addition, there can be some stuttering of the
screen if it is processing/downloading something else. These don't detract
much from the phone but hope are improved in the next generation.

  
Transition: First of all, I would highly suggest SmoothSync (contacts +
calendars). I have all my contacts and calendars set up in iCloud and this
software brings them to the Galaxy S3 mini in minutes, turned a potential
nightmare into a dream. Next, the above said, there are some features, both
physical- and software-based, that make up for the limitations. It has NFC
capabilities, you just have to buy a NFC SIM card from your provider, which
may be the source of some confusion, there also appears to be talk of a
version without NFC though the once I received does have it. They have not set
up NFC with my local transportation system yet, so I haven't spent the $30 on
the SIM card, will update if/when I do. There is a micro SD slot, so you can
chose how much extra memory you want up to 32GB (the phone says 8GB but when I
first started it had about 4.5GB free), if you need more room, you can easily
expand which is not the case for the iPhone. For the software, it's small but
the live wallpaper looks really cool and I think makes up for the lack of
pixel density. You can turn off/on GPS/Wifi/Bluetooth, etc. very quickly, just
swipe down from the top and tap the icon. I like having "widgets" such as the
music player right among the app icons, instead of having to open the app to
play music, as well as a number of other small things. Software interaction is
pretty similar, just have to get used to using the "back" and "menu" keys in
addition to the home button.

  
In case anyone was wondering, yes this does work for me in Singapore on the M1
network.

  
So, again, overall happy with the phone, I will likely upgrade in about a year
when I don't have to pay a recontracting fee. I will keep an eye on this line
and hope they make some changes in the next version. I feel like this is a
trial balloon...they are testing to see customers are interested in "smaller"
(still 4-4.2" screen), which I definitely am. Some things that could be/I hope
are improved:

  
-Screen: Should be at least in the 600x1024 range, at 4 inches, this brings the pixel density close to 300ppi (like that of the 'full size' galaxy s3).  
-Processor: Bump up the engine to address the minor lag issues.  
-LTE: I mean, by next year it should be a pretty standard thing to include on phones.  
  
These are straightforward improvements that are already included on the 'full
size' Galaxy S3, and would make this baby brother highly desirable to a wide
range of people.

