3 of 3 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars Some quick notes after a month of owning this phone, February 13, 2013
By 
Mike Tarrani "Jazz Drummer" (Deltona, FL USA) - See all my reviews
(TOP 500 REVIEWER)    (HALL OF FAME REVIEWER)    (COMMUNITY FORUM 04)    (REAL NAME)   
This review is from: Samsung Galaxy Note II 4G Android Phone, Titanium Gray (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
There are already some excellent reviews, so I am going to try not repeating what has already been written. Instead, I am going to list a few reasons why I love this phone, plus one big caveat. The caveat first: when I got my first smartphone - a Motorola Droid X - I was equally pleased at this point in the ownership cycle. At month 18 that phone became a nightmare. So, factor that in as I gush about how great this phone is.

My comparisons are going to be to the Droid X:

- I cannot believe the battery life! I am no longer tethered to a charger. One three hour phone conversation dropped my battery to 73 percent. And it charged back up to 100% when I did plug it into a charger in less than 20 minutes. Note: this is a relatively new phone with a new battery. I doubt I would get the same results a year from now when the battery is worn by numerous charging cycles. Still, since I routinely go the entire day without charging it, only putting it on charge when I go to bed, the wear and deterioration of the battery will probably be far less than for other phones.

- Boot-up time is amazingly quick. My previous phone took what seemed to be forever to come up in a ready state after restarting it or powering it back on. This one does it in literally seconds.

- Signal strength is as good, if not better, than the phone it replaced. That was a relief because I had heard horror stories about this and the S III. In fact, the Motorola phone was legendary for it's antenna and receiving/transmitting systems and this phone is certainly its equal.

- Speaker volume and reception are vastly superior to the Motorola.

I transferred my SD card directly from my Droid X to this phone and all of its contents were immediately recognized by the Note 2. I did have to recreate my play lists for my music, which may have been stored in the internal memory of the Droid X. Still, that was a relief to not have to recreate everything.

Although this phone is supposed to be locked down I have added apps to it with no problems, so for me that aspect is not an issue.

One accessory that I found to be essential to protect the phone is an Evecase Leather Wallet Case with Stand and Credit Card Holder for Samsung Galaxy Note 2 II N7100 - Black.

As for the size - it is not a problem for me. In fact, I an getting older and the larger form factor - while not cool or trendy - suits me perfectly.

The phone is, if anything, too responsive. The screen is sensitive to your every touch. Sometimes my finger lands or overlaps areas adjacent to where I wanted to touch and the phone responds before I can correct it. That is a minor issue and many folks will probably not experience it.

Since this phone is practically a tablet I purchased an HDE® Silver Wireless Bluetooth 3.0 Keyboard, which makes it super-easy to use for web surfing and creating and developing documents with Polaris Office 4.0 that shipped with my phone.

If there is anything to complain about it's Verizon itself. I had to change from my unlimited data plan to their far more restrictive one in order to upgrade. I am not pleased about that and consider it to border on unethical. I've been with Verizon since 1999 and have been very loyal - until now. And since this reviews is about Verizon's version of this phone I think my comment about this is valid.

On the iPhone vs. Galaxy comparisons: I have friends who have iPhones and they have admired my Note 2, but are not about to switch. I can see their point. They are comfortable with that device's interface and features and have no compelling reason to switch. I mention this because that comparison seems to frequently crop up and it truly has no relevance in my opinion. Most folks who are used to Apple are probably going to stay with that platform, and the newer ones seem to have close to the same features judging from one of my friend's 4S model.

As I mentioned above, time will tell about this phone. Right now I am thoroughly pleased with mine, but who knows? Latent flaws could surface in the future that change my opinion. If so I will come back and update this review.
