18 of 23 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars Samsung Galaxy Note 2/ Verizon, December 8, 2012
By 
Jed B. Zimmerman - See all my reviews
(REAL NAME)   
This review is from: Samsung Galaxy Note II 4G Android Phone, Titanium Gray (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
Love this phone!

BEWARE about chatting with the support people on the Samsung site for this product.

The two different times I chatted about technical issues were disappoinging. The people are not trained well and frankly they don't know what they are talking about. I have not called the help number 1-888-987-4357. They may be more technical.

The support people on the chat will go through a procedure with you. If it is not resolved they will tell you to DO A SOFT RESET. If that does not work, they will tell you to do a HARD RESET. Don't do a HARD RESET, unless you want to start over again with all your settings.

Issue number 1,
I have recored video on the phone. (even small amount of video can create large file). I wanted to share it via email. So I clicked on my Yahoo email account and went through the process of figuring out where the file was stored. For me it was on my external micro sd card. So you must attach it. With yahoo email, I could not attach it. The chat person asked me to do a soft reset. This is shutting the phone off and removing the battery for thirty seconds and then starting up the phone. This did nothing for the issue. When the chat person told me to do a hard reset, I exited the chat conversation.

RESOLUTION
I also have an gmail account. The file easily attached to this email account. But remember it can take a long time to process a big file.

Issue number 2,

I bought an external case that gives support to the phone. Nothing on the display. I started to adjust the "motion settings" on the phone. I thought it would be cool when the phone is sitting on my desk to just move my hand over the proximity sensors to awaken the phone to see if there were messages. I could not get it work. There are other cool "motion settings" as well that I adjusted that would not work either.
Same answer as above from the chat person. But went so far to tell me that the "motion settings" have to be activated first by enabling the power button on the phone. Not only is this untrue, but it goes against the purpose of developing the "motion settings".

RESOLUTION
When I had removed the case to do a soft reset, the "motion settings" worked. Yes everything worked without the phone in the case. I do not know why since the proximity sensors are on the outside top and not covered by the case. But never the less, my "motion settings" will not work with my case. I would rather have the case on for protection.

If you have discovered RESOLUTIONS to issues, please post.

Update- as soon as I posted the above, the "motion settings" now work in my case. I swipe from left to right. Sorry for the confusion. But it is all about the awareness and being able to figure things out as you go. Enjoy this fabulous phone. BTW if you are on a limited data plan, make sure in your home you have the "wifi" turned on.
