14 of 14 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars A Masterpiece, January 16, 2013
By 
Patrick Smith - See all my reviews
This review is from: HTC DROID DNA 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
Got this phone for Christmas and boy am I impressed! My father is a career Verizon Wireless employee and works at the national head quarters in Basking Ridge, NJ. I have always been introduced to the latest and greatest in phone technology and I test them all thoroughly. I am unbiased in that I review all phones and choose simply the best. I own apple products and android products. Both have exceptional software (especially for smart phones) and user interfaces.

Here are some things I was looking for when shopping for a new phone:

1. It needed to be FUTURE PROOF! I can not stress this enough. Meaning, most people are stuck with their new phones for two years. This means that it is imperative to get the best technology so that in two years, your phone is still churning and keeping up with the best. The Droid DNA has set the benchmark with this. It is the first phone to produce true 1080p screen quality. For those of you that are considering the iPhone 5 because of its "Retina Display", it only churns out about 720p (a little less, in fact). "Retina" is just a made up tech-term by apple (one of the things that is starting to turn me off about apple, but we'll get to more of that later). This is a big deal for me because I take a lot of photos and videos with my phone. It is nice to be able to look at my photos with this gorgeous display. It blows all competition out of the water in this respect. I won't bore you with more technical specs, because you can easily look those up on the internet. I have the DNA and my brother has the iPhone 5, side-by-side, the DNA's screen is a sight to behold. Also, this is by far the fastest phone on the market. Download speeds are incredible and it wont slow you down for a minute.

2. It needed to look good. Yes, this matters. Nowadays, people look at each others phones and pass prejudgements based on their phone. If someone sees me using this baby, they immediately think, "Damn, where can I get me one of those." I am not just saying this to be funny. Just yesterday, I got a haircut and my barber saw my phone and asked me all about it. Wanted to know what it was, how i liked it, was it too big for my pocket, where to get one. Needless to say, he was enamored with the physical appearance of this phone. The slim design and red accents on the side make the DNA a very attractive device, one of the coolest looking phones I've ever seen. This phone is not just for tech-savvy nerds. Women will easily appreciate the sleek look of this phone, it's truly beautiful; not to mention the intuitive interface and easily customizable home screens- Which brings me to my next point.

3. Usability. Phones these days are getting very complicated and tough to get going out of the box. This phone fixed that problem by making it easy to use out of the box and customizable to your liking. For example, on my home screen I have my google calendar with all my appointments (synchs up with my computer so I dont have to set the same appointment twice for all my devices), my Google Now bar which tells me things like how long it will take to get to work with the given traffic, (it even tells me what the subways are like because I live and work in NYC) what the score of the Yankees game was, etc. I also have the weather, which automatically updates, no opening of apps required, its just there. I think you get the picture now. I just open my home screen once in the morning before pouring my coffee, and I already have started my workday. Its a productivity monster.

4. It needs to last me at least the entire day without any mid-day charges. Some people knock on the battery of this phone. For lack of a better term, they are idiots. The battery on this phone easily gets me through the day with moderate-to-heavy usage no problem. Just to give you an idea: I am always connected to Wifi if available. This is 90% of the time. My home and office. I start the day with about a 95% battery charge around 6:00am, turn off Wifi to commute to the office, and turn it back on for the day until about 6:00pm. At this time I will either go home to recharge (myself, not the phone) or meet friends/co-workers for drinks. When I go out after work, I will get home anywhere between 9:00pm to midnight during the work week. At this point, I have about a 40-45% charge. Needless to say, do not worry about the battery. Its more than enough to not have to worry about. I use the phone to check sports scores, my emails from two different accounts, twitter, texting, the occasional video clips from youtube or wall street journal, briefly look over presentations for work, you get the idea. However, I am not a huge phone-gamer, so I can not speak for that. I am sure it would hold up very well, though.

5. I love the big screens. Personally, I like a lot of real estate with a phone. It allows me to view webpages more easily without the crammed three-words-per-line type of reading experience. This is a major plus with the DNA because it has the 5inch screen (and no, it is not a phablet, it is a PHONE), but it is also very slender and light. It fits into every pocket I have with great ease. It doesn't need a case because of its solid construction, however, if you want a screen protector, more power to you, just not for me. This whole one-handed usage is such nonsense to me. I use this phone with both one or two hands, depends on the situation. The point is that its all easy and comfortable to use. For example, I was on the treadmill the other day and had to send a long and detailed work email out. I composed, proofread and sent the whole thing out while on the treadmill. I used one hand the entire time and I'm still alive. Figure that, Jeff Daniels.

There are obviously a lot of pros, but I will give you my few cons to round out this review:

1. Yes, the unlock button on the top is annoying, however, its only annoying for the first week or so. After that, like anything in life, your muscle memory comes into play and you don't even notice, it's just unlocked. The volume rocker is a different beast though. It blends so nicely into the red grill on the side so its harder to identify. Also, sometimes when i want to raise the volume, i am instead decreasing it. It's annoying at times, but oh well, it's the stupid volume button.

2. Some point out that the charging port, which has a little door, is a con. I think it is neither. You deal with it twice a day, once to open it and once to close it. it is just simply there. I think it actually adds to the aesthetic, in addition to, protecting the port from dust and other things.

3. Only 16gb of internal memory. While it is not very much, just use the cloud. Backup Assistant Plus can store all your photos for no extra charge, thus saving all that space for whatever the hell else you want on your phone.

Anyways, that's about it. Can not think of anything else at the moment. Bottom line: Get this sucker, you will not regret it. You'll find yourself just using it to use it, its fun to have cool technology.
