"**REVIEW UPDATED ON 7/30/13 - Updated speakers, ""other features"", battery life, gripes**"
"*** This review is for a 32GB, WiFi only tablet."
"Let me preface this by saying that I am by no means a casual tablet user; I'm a tech geek. I got the original Nexus 7 on the release date and I have been lucky to get the new Nexus 7 before its official release. I will be reviewing this tablet as it suits me, and my needs from a tablet are most likely going to be different from those of the typical user. However, I'll do my best to shed some light on this tablet even if I've only had it for a couple of days. I'm going to be dividing my review into several sections."
I have both the Original Nexus 7 and Second Generation Nexus 7 and I've been using the new Nexus 7 constantly for almost 2 weeks now.
The
"I'm an IOS user. Have been for a long time. Currently I'm running an iPad 4, Ipod touch 5th gen 64gb and an Iphone 5 with generations of Apple music players also lying around the house, but I wasn't going to just worship at the alter of Apple just because the Mini existed. That low resolution screen was a deal breaker for me, so knowing that I was in the market for a 7 inch tablet, the only one that stood out was the new Nexus 7."
"I was a fan of the size and features of the original Nexus 7, so I stepped out to get one of the new models today. I wanted to see how the app and data synchronization works between two devices, and I'm likely going to gift the old one to my young daughter. Let's call the new device Nexus 7 (B) to differentiate it, since neither Google nor Asus has given it a new name."
"I had the original Nexus 7 prior to this updated model.  I love the 7"" size for many reasons but bottom line is it's perfect for portable consumption.  The downsides to the original were standby battery life, washed out colors (although very crisp resolution), and slow charging."
My Nexus 7 has been restarting even in safe mode. I have the old Galaxy Nexus and Nexus 4 phone all in the same OS and with same Apps. The other devices haven't had any issues. It could be faulty hardware?
"I just bought my new Nexus and started to play with it. So far, I got about 12 hours milage with it. Here are my impressions."
"I'm a tech guy and have owned probably 8 tablets since the 1st generation iPad.  iOS, Android and WebOS.  I loved the first generation Nexus, only problem I had was general loss of performance, or lag after the first 6 months or so that even factory resets didn't seem to correct.  I ordered the new Nexus as soon as it was available."
"I am going to defer 99% of my review to others.  Yes it's got an amazing form factor.  The screen is impeccable.  blah blah blah.  If you are reading this, then you probably have read a dozen other reviews already.  So let me focus my review on two things:"
"I just bought a Nexus 7 2013 running Android 4.3 Jelly Bean.  I love this tablet, super screen, etc.  However, due to an apparent software bug in Android 4.3 the GPS is simply unusable.  The GPS will sometimes work for about 10 minutes after a cold boot, but then locks up.  This includes the flagship APP Google Maps. I have reported the problem to Google Play Store Support, which did not acknowledge it as a known issue.  The Android message boards are all buzzing about the issue.  I strongly recommend NOT buying this product until Google at least acknowledges the issue.  Great tablet, totally unusable GPS."
"2 new nexus 7 2013 had dead/stuck pixels and had to be returned. I'm not okay with that defect so if that's being overbearing then so be it. Hopefully third lucks a charm, if not, back it goes I may just opt to stay away from it until they do more QC even if I was really looking forward to owning one to replace my 2012 one."
"I made a list of the pros and cons of the 2013 Nexus 7, and by way of comparison (if you can even call it that) how it stands against the iPad Mini."
"Title says it all. The new Nexus 7 with Android 4.3 is THE Best tablet ever made. With the newest version of android, it runs much smoother than any other device I've ever used. Everything is super fast, absolutely no lag whatsoever."
This device is an amazing tablet and I would give it 5 stars:
"I bought this device primarily as a GPS for my vehicle, and I will be the first to admit, this is not a traditional use case.  That said, for what I bought it for the device is non-functional.  Despite several factory resets, a fairly useless call to Google Support, and several hours on Android forums, the GPS refuses to work correctly.  Currently most owners with the GPS problem are being told to return the device, anecdotal evidence says this does nothing, the replacements have the same problem.  The problem persists across all apps, and current thinking amongst the Android community is that this is some form of a software problem.  The device itself features great build quality and the OS is a pleasure to poke around in, but the primary reason why I bought it was for navigation, and this has proven to be a non-starter.  I am giving Google a week to fix this, at which point I will be returning the device.  I cannot emphasize this enough, if you are buying this device for navigation, DON'T, wait, or rethink your purchasing decision.  This is a five star product with a crippling problem."
"I have been a tablet owner for a while now. My first tablet was the HP Touchpad which I purchased for $150 during the fire sale. I installed android (gingerbread originally, and then eventually ice cream sandwich). I am a tech guy so I always love the flexibility of using my devices to the fullest. You can gain root and overclock the processor, and run apps that do amazing things like modify your hosts file to block all ads (google adaway) or allow you to block individual permissions of apps (google xda security guard xda) to name a few. Needles to say the ability to do virtually whatever you want with android is quite compelling for me. I used the touchpad for a long time and appreciated its weight, colossal screen size, and low screen resolution."
"This is simply the best tablet currently on the market.  Given the low price of $230, it is also the best value you can get in a tablet.  Sure, there are plenty of tablets around $150 or less right now, but for the most part you get subpar screens, slow processors, and more limited memory."
The GPS on the new NEXUS 7 works only intermittently. A large forum of owners are discussing this issue in Google groups (http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/prfUDZA7M2s%5B326-350-false%5D).
GPS stops working 5-10 minutes after a reboot .  Google is aware of the problem but no news on a fix.  No word on whether this is a hardware or software problem.  I need GPS for maps so this device might end being less useful to me .
"Aside from a brief and craptacular experience with the Motorola Xoom a couple years ago, I've been an iOS user.. multiple generations of iPhones, iPad 2, and iPad 3. Generally happy with the ecosystem, apps, and user experience, but I've been itching for a smaller form factor for a while and didn't like the idea of chipping in on the iPad Mini - it read like a reactive, rushed, sub-par product.  Around the time I started reading up on the first-gen Nexus 7, there were rumblings of the 2nd gen, so the clock started ticking on dipping a toe back into the Android pond."
"This device is a solid upgrade from the previous generation.  I'm sure there's lots of in depth reviews that will be helpful, but from my angle this device is perfect except for the continued inability to play Amazon VOD/Prime movies on the table.  This is an Amazon and a Google problem which is why I include it in my review.  Google refused continued support of Flash, meanwhile Amazon won't create an Android app that works with their streaming service.  (Leaving my original mistake in place, but I was corrected.  Adobe is the one who discontinued support for mobile versions of Flash. This can no longer be considered a fault of the device.  I have also just learned that Firefox on the Android market enabled Flash support again.  Download the Flash APK from Adobe's archive site, download Firefox, log into Amazon VOD/Prime, watch your show!  Full rez looked possible, the shows looked great with a 4 bar connection.  Hopefully this will work with Chromecast.)"
"Currently, August 8, 2013:"
"The new Nexus 7 has major problems with the GPS's not working correctly.  It just randomly shuts down, and won't work again until you reboot the device.  It will then work again for a short while, and then crap out again.  It's been a couple of weeks now, and Google still hasn't been able to come up with a fix.  This is happening on all of the new Nexus 7's.  If I don't see a software fix by Monday, then mine goes back to Staples, and I will wait until I hear the problem is fixed, or just step up and purchase an IPad Mini.  It's a shame, because the screen is so good on this device."
"I never owned the original nexus 7(was waiting for this one). But I can say this: Its an amazing tablet. I have owned other tablets from different companies and figured I wasn't a tablet kind of person. But after buying this, I'm glad to say I use it more than my Galaxy S3. Here are the pros and con's:"
"I'm not sure what happened, but the tablet and I got off to a rocky start. I own 2 other Android tablets, and have 2 Android phones, so I'm familiar with Android."
"The new Asus Nexus 7 is just plain awesome! So far I have used it for 3 days. This product is my first experience in a tablet so I do not know how older models perform but I absolutely love this one, the screen is amazing with 1020p the colors look good so does the brightness. I decided to buy this because I was using a Ipod touch 5th gen (latest gen) which is also good but I wanted a bigger and better screen for movie watching on the go or from bed. This Nexus 7 went beyond my expectations I can watch 2 full 1080p movies with full brightness and still have 10% battery life. It did take about a full day to get the swing of jellybean 4.3 but once I did it was smooth as butter. I would totally recommend this to someone, awesome product."
"I have to admit I am a tablet junkie.  I own a new iPad, the original Nexus 7 and now this new Nexus 7 (and at one point I also had a kindle fire HD, a iPad 2, a Zeki tablet which was horrible!, and a Nook HD...... before I sold or gave them away).  I kept my new ipad and the Nexus 7 because they were the ying and yang of the tablet experience... a pure ios and pure android experience.  However I am always on the lookout for another tablet and I held out for the new Nexus 7 as soon as the rumor mill  began whirling at a feverish pace.  As soon as Amazon had it available I ordered the 16 GB version and waited in anticipation.  When it finally arrived here were my thoughts."
"I liked everything with the Nexus FHD 7 over its previous installment except the sound. What is all this big deal about - ""Stereo speakers, Surround Sound - powered by Fraunhofer3"" ? The sound volume is not at all enough. My iPhone5 and my wife's GS4 produce more crispier and louder sound. Am I the only person experiencing sound issues with the new Nexus FHD?"
"Ordered my Nexus 7 2nd gerneration directly from Google and support was a pain to deal with over the phone. I'm sending my Nexus back because it is way too slow to charge, 5 hrs got 12% charge, and started over heating. I'll wait another month to see if there have been any improvements before I order a new one or wait on the new ipad mini."
"Much hype about the new Nexus 7 and from what I can tell from using it for several days it seems to be true.  Unbelievable graphics, fast speeds, good sound, did I mention that the screen really looks great?  You know how a couple of days after you buy something you get a little buyers remorse?  Hasn't happened with the Nexus 7.  Get one."
"All right, if I had to say one thing about this tablet, its the best 7 inch tablet to date, and one of the best tablets overall. But since this tablet is one of the best products I've purchased in a while, let me give you some details."
"I am the owner of 2 older Android tablets - a 10 inch HP Touchpad that has Android Ice Cream Sandwich laid on top of the no longer supported WEbOS, and a Galaxy Tab 8.9 inch tablet, which is no longer being sold or supported by the tablet and phone release 'em as fast as we can manufacturer (Samsung)."
I purchased this as a modern update to my Motorola Xoom and I needed another small tablet to replace 2 iPad Minis I lost to 2 of my children. I figured I would buy this since I have an iPad 4 and WOW.. this blows the Xoom away and I just may like it better than the iPad Mini.
First I may admit I'm a total
"UPDATED INFO AUG. 6, 2013 .. SEE MY LATEST COMMENTS BELOW FOR POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS"
"The GPS is not working properly, the others are fine. I do want to keep this tablet if Google can come up with an fix for it soon. Please advise what I should do, return it or wait for the fix?"
