Let me start by saying I have been waiting for this camera since early February. And waiting and waiting long after it was supposed to be released February 15th. Today I finally got mine! (obviously only having it for a few hours won't allow me to give the best review but I would like to point out some of the things I have noticed)
""
"This is the perfect compromise camera for me.  I gave up my DSLR to my daughter who is a serious photographer.  It was a great camera but more than I needed.  This is light, full of features and takes great pictures."
I have had the Nikon P510 for a week now and have been comparing it to a Panasonic FZ150 that I am also testing.
"I bought both the Nikon p510 camera and the Sony hx200v camera to see which I prefer.  I took numerous pictures with both, but decided to keep the Nikon p510.  Although both cameras took very nice pictures, I liked the way that people shots came out with the Nikon p510, especially indoors.  The Nikon p510 seems to give a nice ""matte"" finish to skin shots and with a bit more color, whereas the Sony hx200v showed/emphasized more skin flaws.  Also, indoor pics with the Sony were inconsistent - sometimes too yellow, and other times too white (overexposed).  Although the Sony hx200v does have a ""soft skin"" setting, I felt it looked too unnatural (gave the skin too much of a porcelain doll finish).  Also, the Nikon p510 seems to handle indoor pics better where there is a lot of backlight.  Outdoor pics are nice with both cameras, but again I preferred the people pics with the Nikon p510 (the outdoor people pics taken with the Sony were more neutral toned).  The only reason I give this review 4 stars is because the zoom can be a bit flaky when trying to focus with maximum zoom, in particular on small objects such as birds; sometimes it would focus right away, but a lot of times I had to keep adjusting the zoom before it decided to focus.  Yet, I haven't had this problem with other types of pictures."
"I reallyl liked this camera. As with all superzooms out there, it has its pros and cons. Image quality on the Canon SX40 HS is better, the P510 may be in the same league as the Panasonic FZ150 though."
"I have been shooting  Nikon cameras and lenses  for 45 years. I obtained my first D-SLR five years ago.  I am mostly a nature and scenic photographer. I've been looking for a reasonable substitute for a $10,000 2.8 on a $3,000 D800.  A professional nature photographer suggested I give this a look.  While it certainly id not as sharp as a 1000mm 2.8 on a D4, 300 or the new 800, for the price, it is remarkably close.  I was most amazed at it's low light capabilities.  Image and color qualities are better than I expected."
"Great camera. I just took photos of my kid's concert and I never could get close enough to take pictures like these. The digital zoom is outstanding and had no problem zooming in to view my child from a far distance away. Video mode also worked well from a distance. This camera is well worth its price. I paid over $2000.00 for my D80 and sigma lens a few years ago. Nikon's got a real winner of a product on its hands. I hope the quality of this camera is like my D80 which is top notch. For me to get the same zoom, I would have to spend a few thousand on a new lens for my D80 and then switch the lens (pain in the rear when traveling or on the go which is usually the case for me) in order to get close to the P510's 42x optical and digital zoom. Outstanding overall."
"First of all, I have to say that I bought the red camera, and I love the color!  I researched DSLR's and other similar ultra zoom cameras, and I am happy with my choice of the Nikon P510.  It is fairly easy to operate, and I've been practicing taking a lot of indoor/outdoor/flash/close-up and low-light photos.  I have not tried the GPS yet, so I can't rate that.  I will say, however, that the battery does not hold a long charge.  That being said, I ordered the kit including 2 extra batteries, AC/DC charge, screen protector, and cleaning cloth for $19.95.  I bought a small Lowepro bag that is convenient for travel.  The viewfinder is OK.  It is nice to have the option of using one, but I generally take photos from the LCD screen.  And what can I say about the zoom?  It's awesome!"
Went to Best Buy to get this camera but they were out of stock. Came home and looked it up on Amazon and there it was for the same price and in RED! It is a BEAUTIFUL camera and I never thought I'd ever say that about a camera. I bought this camera to photograph nature and so far I am loving it. I am amazed at the clarity of close-up images. It has everything I need/want. I haven't used the GPS yet as I've only been in my backyard but it will really come in handy when I travel. This camera is lightweight and takes great photos even off the tripod. Highly recommend!
My husband and I are amateur birders and were looking for a camera with very strong telezoom that is still light enough to carry on our field trips.
"I was looking for a bridge camera from quite sometime and this fits my choice because of lots of features and price. I got this from Best Buy today morning and have tried few Auto and PASM features. The look and feel is like a DSLR. This has a long list of features. The 42x Zoom holds good if you use your other hand to hold the lens and use viewfinder. I tried few indoor and outdoor pictures and am pleased with the quality. For the feature list i feel the price is good. The battery came fully charged and with little use it still holds good power. I have uploaded 2 pics - one with A - large aperture and 1 in Auto Zoom mode. I am not a pro photographer and do not have a bridge or DSLR camera thus cannot compare the images but I am a avid photographer and certainly like the quality of the image. This does not have horse shoe or RAW but I can live without that. I have not checked video options, high and slow motion video or panorama or 3D yet thus not commenting on that. Overall I am happy with my purchase."
I have had this camera for two days and I can't wait to use it again.  It is easy to use and takes great pictures. I used it for taking pictures of birds and the clarity and detail are near professional quality.
"I waited almost 6 weeks to get this camera at a reduced price and it has been well worth the wait.  The reference manual alone is over 260 pages long, but if you plan to take shots using other than Intelligent Mode, it's worth the read to familiarize yourself with this camera and its many functions."
"I bought this camera as a second camera, with the Nikon D90 as my primary camera.  Okay, so it's not a DSLR, which I definitely prefer, but it suits my needs for ordinary shots and when I don't want to drag the D90 around.  First impression is that the body seems a little cheaply made and I'm not crazy about the red color, but I'm comparing it to the D90 which was three times the price. I can live with the cheaper feeling plastic body as long as the photos are decent and I have some control over settings.  It's much lighter than my D90 and smaller, too. Works well on Auto, but there's lots of options and settings to be used, too.  GPS works great but I doubt that I'll use it much."
"I ordered this camera as an upgrade to my old Canon Powershot SI3.  My Canon served me well but was kind of slow and not very high resolution so I thought the Nikon would be a huge improvement.  In some respects it was but overall it was a disappointment.  The Nikon has a beautiful LCD viewscreen.  Just gorgeous. It had good image sharpness, color saturation and overall clarity. The software touch up features were also nice.  Movie quality was average - okay but not great due to noise.  The big problem is with the autofocus.  It is slow.  Mindnumbingly slow, in fact.  I bought this camera to take pictures of my pets and family.  Family and pets tend to move around and need an autofocus that can keep up with small movements.  This really doesn't seem like a lot to ask of a camera.  Unfortunately, the autofocus on this camera is disastrously bad.  It was constantly playing catch up and I was constantly missing shots because of it.  I tried every possible configuration in the software and nothing would help.  Burst mode didn't do any better.  Further, while the zoom sounds impressive on paper, once again it cannot focus when zoomed.  If you have a tripod and are photographing a still image, it may work fine but that's not why I bough it.  For a $400 camera this is completely unacceptable and I exchanged it for a Panasonic FZ150.  I'm really disappointed that this didn't work as I had high hopes for this camera.  I'm not a professional photographer - just an average guy who likes to dabble in photography.  Perhaps if you are taking only photos of still scenes using a tripod, this would be a good camera but if you want to take a series of shots of different things that are moving, I suggest looking elsewhere."
"I am not a professional photographer but enjoy photography as a very serious hobby and use my camera on a daily basis. When looking to replace my previously damaged Nikon D80 (which I loved)I needed to get a replacement ASAP. I knew that I wanted to stick with a Nikon but was not sure what model to get. I just received my Nikon Coolpix P510 and am so pleased. It fits my needs perfectly and is easy to use. Totally love the fun ""red"" color too! Cost was a very important factor and I feel that this is a very good camera for the price."
"I really like this camera!  I purchased it as a replacement for a Panasonic FZ-18 camera that I also loved, but the FZ18 is now a little out of date.  Yes, I would have preferred a more expensive camera, but I only spent #429 dollars for the P510."
"I always wanted an SLR, it was the logical next step.. I had bought 4 point and shoots over the years and they served my purpose well, though over the past year, I found myself relying on the camera I always had at hand, my iPhone...and its said that the camera that you have at hand is always the best camera."
"The zoom range on this camera is beyond belief!  It is double what my previous digital mega-zoom camera could do!  The image is sharp, the stabilization is good enough to hand hold at 1000mm, and the auto sequences are fine for almost all your needs.  That said, there are several things missing that SHOULD be on this camera.  Number one is a manual focus.  Shooting between leaves, through a fence, etc., the camera will focus on the closest object, even with the center weighted metering.  Also, it almost never will go all the way to 24mm -- stops about 28mm.  Closeup shooting is also a problem in that the camera will pass optimum focus and then refuse to focus at all until you move either in or out with the zoom.  Second, I miss having a PC outlet for external flash.  The built-in flash is good for about 10 feet indoors, and is worthless outdoors as a fill flash.  Lastly, the charger that comes with the camera requires you to charge the battery INSIDE the camera!  That is both inconvenient and (to me) dangerous!  I immediately purchased additional batteries and a self contained rapid charger."
"I have always liked superzooms. I have had the Olympus SP-550, the SP-560, the Panasonic FZ28, the Casio FH20 and the Canon SX30is. Last November, I got the Panasonic FZ47. They were all good cameras for me. However, I longed for more zoom. When I went to center field bleachers at baseball games, the zoom was not quite powerful enough. The batter looked too small at full zoom. If 600mm were enough for me, I would probably get the Panasonic FZ150, but it's not. So I ended up buying the P510 about a month ago."
"I bought this camera to use the 1920X1080 Video for Digital Art, But was astounded at the other capabilities of it."
"Bought this for my husbands birthday, he now thinks i am pretty cool.  Great, just as clear on 42x zoom as on wide angle.  Takes better pics than my canon slr with all the lens and much easier to carry around. Bought it to use at concerts and sporting events where they wouldn't allow the removable lens but now use it for everything as its so good. Great for wildlife also. Only complaint would have been the battery charging system but i knew ahead of time and bought the 2 extra batteries and charger from amazon for $19.95 so always have charged batteries. Couldn't be more pleased."
"This is one of those wunder products.  Too many features to list them all.  The panorama feature is so easy to use it's ridiculous.  Preset scenes- one for pets that shoots three pix in a row to capture their best moment.  Automatic, Program, Aperture or Shutter priority settings are available, too.  I have just touched on the functions since I received the device but rest assured it will do about everything you want from a point and shoot camera.  The long lens even got me a shot of a jet at flight level seven mile high with the engine nacelles glistening.  It's lighter than I thought it would be. It arrived in two days thanks to Beach Camera sending it FED-EX free of charge.  Only one thing- make sure your battery is full before attempting to upload pix to your computer or it will shut down in the middle of the operation.  Other than that it's been a pleasure."
"I wanted a good carry around camera that was smaller than my D7000. I had high hopes for the P510, but it let me down in a big way. It takes really vivid landscape pics. The camera takes lowlight landscape pics that rival my D7000. No kidding. The big flaw is focus time. It takes this camera for ever (i.e. sometimes over a second) to focus. This may not sound like a big deal, but when I wanted to take a photo at just the right moment the P510 failed me badly. It also had a hard time focusing on anything moving. Also, if you want a camera that is ready shortly after turning the power on, this this is not the camera. The power button is small and hard to press. Plus, it took so long to turn on I often pressed the power button a second time just to see if I actually turned it on, of course by doing this I would turn the camera off again. If your really into the 42x zoom feature, then realize that it comes at a price. Because the camera is relatively inexpensive the lens is not of good enough quality to work well at 1000mm (42x). I know its a bad comparison, but my D7000 with a 300mm lens has about the same magnification. I can still crop the D7000 with a 105mm lens and get better quality at the same range.  The P510 at 42x is grainy even in the best light. But, I have to say again that I was impressed with its dawn/dusk landscape capability, which makes no sense because it's not really designed to be good in that range. Video was great, but focus was an issue on anything moving around. Video was better than my D7000 minus focusing issues. Battery life was about 200-250 pics with minimal flash use. Another issue is the build quality. I have an old Coolpix 8700 and it's well built and feels solid, but the P510 feels cheap and plastic. In the end, I returned the P510 after a little over a week and 1000+ pics."
"I bought this camera for a 3-week trip to Africa after doing a lot of research about different cameras.  I didn't want to tote along my digital SLR with long, heavy lenses, so I bought this all-in-one, very lightweight camera instead.  With the 42X zoom I was able to get amazing animal and bird photos, especially once I learned to use the spot focusing feature rather than the other auto-focus setting.  Even pictures in low-light with relatively long exposures came out well, even hand-held.  The only negative for the camera is the battery life--with taking hundreds of pictures daily, I had to change batteries at least daily, and sometimes more than once a day.  I took three batteries with me so that I always had two extras that were fully charged.  That was probably overkill but you definitely need at least one extra battery with this camera.  It doesn't come with an external charger so you have to buy that separately, because obviously if you're using the camera you can't charge the battery at the same time.  Despite this drawback, I was thrilled with the quality of my photos and the ability to get amazing close-ups of African animals and birds.  I do find it a pain that you don't get a printed manual anymore, but I don't think that's unique to this camera.  I wound up printing out the 250 page plus manual double-sided and taking it to a copy store to have it shrunk and bound so for an additional $20 I had something that would fit in my camera bag."
"For a number of years, I've been using Digital SLR cameras.  Unfortunately, they are very inconvenient when out and about, and their short zoom length means that you spend a lot of time trying to crop photos later.  In order to get really good photos at any distance, you need to carry thousands of dollars of equipment, which isn't particularly convenient at major theme parks with mouse themes.  All this means that many of my more important family photos ended up on my Canon Elph 110.  It's a good camera for the size, but isn't what you want for taking photos that you may want to enlarge or frame on your wall.  So, I've spent months trying to find the perfect camera for carrying when traveling, etc.  I've actually purchased two of the small, exchangeable lens cameras, but didn't feel like they were that much more convenient.  They also had the problem of a relatively short zoom length, and photo quality still wasn't close enough to SLR to make them a good value compromise."
I buy a camera every year as the pixels and zoom improve.
"I purchased this camera in the red color for my wife.  She fell in love with the color and loved the way the camera felt in her hands.  We also felt the image quality of the pics were good for the most part, although they sometimes seemed to be lacking a bit in contrast.  Even at 42X zoom, we usually got very clear and nicely balanced handheld shots.  They sometimes looked a little ""soft"", but for hand-held shots at that zoom range we didn't feel that was an issue.  What sent the camera back though was focusing issues.  When taking pictures, the camera struggled too often and took too long to zero in on the target, and sometimes we couldn't get it to focus no matter what we did.  And focusing was even more of an issue when shooting video.  There was also a defect in the lower right quadrant of the LCD.  We would have done an exchange if that had been the only problem, but the focusing issue made it a return."
"A friend had recommended the P510 and since my wife and I were going to Italy I wanted a new camera so I took the advise. The camera has everything you could need and if you're a novice, the auto feature makes it easy to operate. I was amazed at how powerful the 42:1 optical zoom is and is great on those far away shots. On the backside, the macro feature allows you to get within an inch of the subject. GPS on a camera? Who would have thought of that? Also, while on my trip, I had at least 4-5 people ask me about the camera as that candy apple red color is pretty cool. Want a great camera that is easy to operate and has a ton of features for around $400? This is it."
"This camera was so easy to handle and navigate, that I was taking awesome pics about 5 minutes after taking it out of the box.  I am looking forward to traveling with this little gem.  When hiking and taking photos, the load has to be light.  This camera replaces a huge bag of accessories for the SLR camera.  Fun and adventure pretty much sums up this camera!  And image quality?  Yes, yes, yes!!!  This camera will be going with me a lot more often than the SLR nowadays."
I've owned the Nikon P500 and sold it and moved to this camera thinking it would correct the two issue I express here..  It did not...  Most of the reviews on this camera I would agree with so I will not spend the time on the positives ...  The issue I have with this camera is the problematic software and the poor battery life.
"I've been taking photos for many years, appreciating how improvements in technology have continued to make taking great pictures easier and easier. With the advent of digital photography, the process has catapulted so quickly to higher and higher quality, and more and more user friendly equipment."
"Bought this camera for my husband (he's Joe T!), who had researched this type camera and decided on the Nikon Coolpix P510.  He was NOT diappointed!  He has taken beautiful photos with it, including long shots and close-ups, landscapes, people and critters and he's still learning about its many functions.  He is totally delighted with this camera!  Very powerful for the price. Go get one!"
"This is our first super zoom camera, up form our usual point and shot.  We were not ready for the SLR and the weight of of lenses.  So for amateur photographers, what do we think after playing with the camera for a couple of months:"
"My trusty Nikon 300 is my much loved SLR. I also love my now-retired Nikon F100. Leaving for Hawaii in February, I didn't really want to take my tripod, Nikon 300, and bag of lenses this year. I wanted to be able to shoot the chldren, grandchildren, whales, and scenery quickly, quietly and with no fuss. I wanted something lightweight that took good pictures and also gave me a few extra options that most point & shoot cameras don't have. I spent several days reading camera specs and reviews of point/shoot cameras. I almost missed seeing the Nikon Coolpix P510 because it didn't fit one of the categories I had marked as wanting. When I cleared a few selective categories (like shoots in raw), this ""bridge"" camera appeared.  After reading the reviews (good and bad), I decided I would commit. And, boy am I a happy camper!  This is a great little camera."
"I basically bought this 42x optical zoom LENS (with a free camera attached) because my choices ultimately boiled down to a $500-$2500 Canon or Nikon DSLR camera body plus about $1000-$3000 in lenses vs. this $400 Nikon P510.  Overall, the picture quality has been excellent and the camera very easy to use (I've still only read about 8 pages of the PDF manuals several weeks later)."
"I purchased this as a surprise gift for my fiancee, after reviewing the specs on it, to take on our trip to the midwest for her stepson's wedding.  I was particularly intrigued with the 24 to 1000mm lens on a COOLPIX, and what the response time would be when one pressed the shutter release to when the photo would actually be taken, especially after my previous experience with a Nikon COOLPIX S4, though that is a different camera altogether.  When it arrived, I read the manual, charged the battery, and formatted the memory card.  After setting it up for her, I tested the zoom lens and was blown away by its clarity, even at 1000mm.  The resolution of some test photos was incredible!  Also, the response time (from the time I pressed the shutter release button to when it actually took the photo) was like an SLR."
"Took my camera out today and shot some awesome wildlife photos.  Some of the bad reviews for this camera about the slow to focus or doesn't focus at all is because when you zoom in you have to push down halfway on the shutter and the camera will instantly focus on your subject, then finish pressing to take your picture. Doing this I had no problems with focus at any of the zoom lengths.  I really love this camera! It is easy to use on auto with excellent quality pictures.  Still learning the manual settings and some of the other features, so can't comment on those yet. If you are looking for a point and shoot with a long zoom, this is it!"
"This camera takes amazing pictures. People actually ask what camera I'm using when they see the prints. (Printed on an Epson Artisan 835). On the general setting, the color saturation is too low for my taste, so I usually shoot in Program mode with the color saturation set to vivid. This really makes the colors pop. I look forward to exploring the features as I go with this camera, like rear curtain sync, time lapse, slow motion video. YES DOWNLOAD THE MANUAL from Nikon and study, or you will miss out on the benefits. This is so much better than the Kodak superzooms I've been using. With the 16 megapixel capability, you still get great pictures even when you have to crop heavily."
