The Brother HL-2270DW is the follow-up to the immensely popular
"This is a nice, compact laser printer with good build quality."
I dumped my one year old HP 8000 wireless inkjet when it became obvious it was going to cost me two hundred dollars a year for even minimum use. You can read my review on that pig's product page for more details.
"Bought this Brother HL-2270DW less than 30 days ago.  Within 2 days I replaced the starter cartridge with a new TN-420 thinking I would hold the starter cartridge in reserve.  In less than 2 or 3 hundred pages the toner light started flashing and the printer refused to print.  I did not believe that the cartridge could possibly be out of toner, so I searched the web and found the following instructions to reset the out of toner condition:"
"My wife and I finally got tired of replacing high-priced ink cartridges in our ink jet printer. The 26ml pigment black cartridges are about $15 each adding up to over $570 per liter. (We still have it and love it, a Canon MP 610, when we want to print in color). Before I retired, I used a Brother laser printer daily at my last employer. It always worked perfectly. Based on that experience I didn't hesitate to buy the HL-2270DW which also duplexes, prints both sides of the sheet. We've had it for a month, using it daily to print info from the internet and print out documents we generate. It has never made a mistake. It comes with a Quick Setup Guide for both Windows and Macintosh and an Installation CD-ROM. You can download an instruction manual from their website if you need one. You also need to provide a USB 2.0 cable (Type A/B) if you don't use the wireless feature. Set up only took a few minutes. One of the previous reviewers commented on paper jams. I worked most of my career in commercial print shops and 8 years selling paper to printers. After opening a ream of paper you need to fan the sheets apart to break the surface tension between them before loading the paper tray. That ream of paper was tightly wrapped at the mill, put into a carton and stacked onto a pallet that weighs 2,000 lbs. The individual sheets are stuck together and have no air between them.  That is the biggest cause of paper jams in copiers and printers. Also, the cheapest paper will have more dust particles that can stick to the drum and paper path in a laser printer or copier causing more printer problems. I recommend buying paper that's at least one level up from the bottom. I'm very pleased with my new printer and recommend it for a home or an office."
"This is an excellent little printer; clear, fast, and hassle free."
"This high quality Brother product has altered my perception of the world. I never thought it possible - nay, the concept had remained unimaginable to me - that a young college student of my means could enter the world of duplex laser printing. Sure, maybe someday when I have a real job and a real car and a real wife and I'm living the American dream, but those are theoretical points in the future that the college industrial complex has constructed for me to justify my sinking into debt and working a full time job while taking a double load of classes. I never thought those times would actually come, and I definitely didn't see it anytime soon."
"I bought this from a retail OfficeDepot outlet. OfficeDepot and OfficeMax are the only websites that seem to carry this printer at the moment and only OfficeDepot would actually let me order it -- and it turned out my local OfficeDepot store actually had exactly ONE of these in-stock, which I promptly purchased."
"Our faithful TN2100 drum went out and could not find a replacement! Needed to get a laser printer fast and found this new model on sale at Fry's. Local stores do not even have them on display and try to talk you out of buying this! But, this is a great printer for the price. Looks and feels flimsy when compared to TN2100. But, all printers in this price range feel the same."
"I have nothing but good things to say about this printer accept that it can't seem to handle printing anything of any length without stopping and restarting the project. For example,  I needed to print a 30 page chapter to review and it printed all but the first 6 pages, stopped for about 30 seconds, spit out a half printed page, and then proceeded to start all over again as if it had not printed anything yet.  No error, nothing, just restart a big job.  This happens a lot - too much that I now resort to sit and watch the printer so that I don't get twice as much as I hoped for. My only recourse is to stop the print job from the computer and restart it with only the pages I need left.  This is very annoying, enough that I'm considering returning it.  If there is anyone out there with some ideas about what to do about this, I'd be happy to change my review to a 5 star.  Honestly, the printer is fast and easy to install, the duplex works flawlessly.  But, the one flaw is driving me crazy and if it is a systematic problem I would recommend considering a different printer if you plan on printing any thing beyond 20 pages long."
"I rarely use a printer and because of that, every time I went to use my ink jets, they would be clogged. I tried cleaning them with limited success but usually, I had to throw them out and buy new ones. I recently went to purchase new color and black ink cartridges at a local Staples and after expressing my frustration at the constant failure of ink jets, the guy recommended I get a black and white laser printer if I didn't really care about color. I had no idea they had come down in price so much (they were in the thousands back when I paid any attention to them)."
"I just bought this printer for my dorm, because I've realized that this semester, I'll need to do a lot of printing... and walking to the library for $.10/side printouts was getting old. If the marketing material is to be believed, the printer itself, which comes with enough toner for 700 pages, is worth about 13 cents per page at the $90 I bought it for! Subsequently, with the"
"After going through another $56 set of inks on my inkjet printer, I decided enough is enough. I don't need to print documents in color and I no longer print photos at home because Costco and Walmart are cheap and easy (and better). This Brother laser printer was my solution."
"I purchased this unit from a Office Max in NY. The price was $162 including tax. This seemed like a perfect fit for my needs, since it had a duplexer and wireless built in."
"I know I probably got a lemon because most of the reviews here are positive. Unfortunately the one I got goes offline every time it goes to sleep. It's impossible to reach over the network. The only way to bring it back online is to power it off, then back on. I tried assigning it a static IP and several other tricks. Both wired and wireless. Same result. The green ""go"" button won't even wake it."
"The first few days, I loved this little machine. I purchased it to print some digital homeschool curriculum for my children. I figured it would be more cost effective to buy digital rights and this printer, than to buy hardcopies of materials for 4 kids. But after printing around 300 pages, I got the low toner light. Everything I printed was on ""toner save mode"" and 300dpi since these aren't important business documents. But that was less than 50% of the life expectancy (700 pages) of the starter toner. A phone call to Brother assured me that it was normal for the light to come on around the 50% mark to warn you to purchase new toner and not be stranded when it finally runs out. But then at 540 pages (and before my new cartridge arrived!) the ""replace toner"" signal came on and it wouldn't print anymore. That was less than 80% of the average toner page count. I called Brother again and was told that the page counts for the toners are computed on only 5% page coverage, or around 160 words per page. While I wasn't printing graphics and was printing my text heavy documents at the most conservative settings, my pages had higher than 5% coverage and significantly decreased my expected performance. Even getting only 75-80% of the average page count out of the toner and drum, I think this will still end up being a bargain for me in the long run. But it won't be AS good a deal as I thought it would. I didn't figure out until after the fact that my printing needs are more taxing than ""average"". If you go in to this knowing how they compute usage rates, you'll be better informed than I was."
"You're probably an ink jet person. Maybe you're here because you're fed up with buying ink refills that only ever seem to print out five pages before coming up ""empty."" Or maybe you're sick of how much of a racket certain printer companies are. Selling you printers that are cheaper than the ink refills they require? Yep. I was like you once."
"The printer has worked well for light use for two months. I just printed one document and the quality was perfectly fine, no evidence that the tonner is actually running out. Next thing, the tonner light gets on and it refuses to print any other document, saying that that the tonner is empty. I've had other printers before and I am totally convinced that this tonner could go on for many pages. It's annoying that they program the printer to stop printing early so that they get people to buy more tonners. I don't recomment it."
"This printer is fine (duplex or simplex) with plain paper.  However, with pre-punched, 3-hole in duplex mode IT WILL JAM EVERY TIME.  Don't use pre-punched paper in duplex mode with this model."
"In addition to concerns about the heavier-than advertised use of toner, beware of two things. First, the printer is quite loud. Often, after printing, it will make a fan-noise for some time before going silent. If the printer is near you in your workspace, it can be as annoying as a loud fluorescent bulb. Secondly, the manual paper feed is abysmal: on over 80% of sheets fed the printer pulls the paper crookedly, resulting in a folded edge and angled printing. If only I had realized while I could still return the unit! Buyer, beware."
"I'm going to do a quick review of my last Epson for comparison.  It was mac compatible.  It could do network printing.  It could do bluetooth printing with an $80 adapter (a non-epson $10 adapter worked).  What they didn't tell me was that it didn't do network printing with a mac even with another computer set up as a server, and that bluetooth printing would only work with .pdf and .jpg files."
I just bought this printer at Staples for $149 a few days ago. I almost went with the cheaper one but I wanted wireless and auto duplexing. It's a bit early for a review but seeing there are not many I figured I'd add my 2 cents and then update when I've had it longer.
"Where can I start, this printer looked great and was the right price. I already own 3 other brother printers and have had a positive experience with them."
"This is an impressive little workhorse of a printer. Print quality is sharp, it's fast, and the duplexing works well. The drawbacks are that the setup is overly complicated and you will need to follow the cryptic instructions in the manual closely. However, once it's up and running it works well. One warning, it's much louder than most other printers."
"We purchase many printers and recently purchased the 2270 and were surprised that it wasn't as good as our previous Brother printers.  The duplex mode works for 3-4 pages and then jams.  Second one of the roller assemblies had a piece just ""fall off"" during printing and because of how the printer is assembled it's impossible for anyone but a repair shop to re-insert this small piece.  Given the low initial price and now the time to get it repaired we'll likely toss the printer and switch brands."
"Having owned and suffered several inkjets in the past, I have always admired the speed and quality of laser printers... but the much higher cost had kept me out of that market until now. In early 2011 I installed my first home wireless 802.11n network and on a lark I decided to research laser printers. I was surprised to find that several budget models with wi-fi capability were actually very reasonable and quite within my price range ($100-150)."
"This printer is wicked amazing. But to keep from beating a dead horse about how awesome it is, I'll just write a how-to for the wireless setup. It's the only thing people gripe about in the non 5 star reviews."
"So far it's a great little printer for a great little price!  We bought this because we already have an ink jet all-in-one multi-function printer that has like all who came here before her quit printing after very few months of service. We don't really need a color printer. And, we wanted a printer that would be compatible with our iPad/iPhones. We've only been using it a few days, so how long it prints remains to be seen, but the other reviews lead me to believe switching to a laser printer and this model will serve us well for a while. Even if it only works for a year we will have not flushed nearly the amount of cash on it. That said, if it dies within a short time, I may update this review."
I purchased this printer to replace a 17 year old HP Laser jet.  I am using it as  personal printer.
"I have never had any laser printer before and this is a my very first laser printer and I'm happy that I have bought this brand and model. There are reviews about bad wireless connection and too difficult to set up, oh well, those always come from people who do not read the instructions correctly or have limited computer knowledge skill (I'm sorry if I have offended any.) The package was very well packed and prepared. The printer built quality is solid with nice executed designs and buttons. The duplexer works like a dream. As soon as I have finished setting it up, I immediately print 45 double pages with ease, it takes a little bit longer than I expect though. if your primarily printing is black and white, this laser printer is for you. You just click buy it now and you will be a very happy person. The operation cost per page is very low, I bought the extra toner from Brothers and still I didn't have to use it yet after 1 month of moderate printing."
"Bought this printer about 6 months ago. The printer is fine, a little noisier than I would like but since its in a different room its not an issue. The real issue is that the toner runs out very quickly, as do the replacement toners. Plus they are expensive. So even though this printer is inexpensive, be prepared to spend a lot more on toners. Plus the hassle of having the ink run out just when you really need the printer... In retrospect, I would have liked to have bought a printer where the toner lasts much longer. My previous printer was just great in that regard. Hence the 1 star rating."
"I am reasonably experienced user, but found this printer to be very difficult to set up for wireless."
"I have many wireless devices in my home installed without a problem.  Getting this printer installed with Windows 7 was nearly impossible.  It took hours and the manual and product support page was zero help.  I had to get my father who had been working in the computer industry to do it for me and it took him two hours with number choice words and a bunch of ""this POS printer"" before he got the wireless set up.  I was working fine for two months (great print quality) and now says it is offline and won't print.  Went to the Brother help page and the directions to follow my screen don't match at all.  Wish I had never bought this printer.  The 2170 is much easier to set up."
"Update-I bought this in July 2011. In March 2012 I start getting a warning that the toner is low. Replace the toner, no help. Replace toner and drum, same problem. Printer didn't even last one year and it is dead. Supposedly it is under warranty but that department isn't open on weekends. I will update what happens with the warranty department."
"If you need to print in excess of a thousand pages even once, this is the printer for you. I had to print more than 2000 pdf pages study material and printing at any of the office stores would have cost me way more than buying this printer."
"There are tons of negative reviews about his printer, and the tricky wifi set-up. And they are all true, but the solution is so damn easy I almost cried once I found it out. First, let me say that I am rating this printer 5 stars due to print quality and build quality. But I will also confess to having gone through a day of trial and error and subsequent temper tantrums trying to make the damn thing print wirelessly! I was ready to give it a one star review and join the ranks of the upset and the displeased."
I bought this printer to use it's wireless capabilities for my two laptops and was encouraged by the reviews that said it was very easy to setup the wireless.  Mine is setup but only after several hours of trying and failing with the confusing instructions in the 'quick start guide'.  Customer service is only available M-F so I resorted to other instructions on-line at Brother's website.  These addressed the error I was getting but did not resolve the issue.
"I just purchased this printer and it's absolutely awesome! Unlike the other reviewers here, I had absolutely no problem setting this printer up. My router doesn't have the WPS function, but it was still easy to setup using a USB cord. All I had to was download the driver from the Brother website and followed the instructions. I then installed the driver on my husband's laptop and it was just as easy. I think that if you just follow the on-screen directions, you'll have no problems at all."
I bought this printer because I was having major driver issues with my old HP LaserJet. I heard that Brother offers solid Linux support so I decided to give this a try.
"If you're thinking of using this printer as your primary ""always on"" printer, FORGET IT. Even though it has a sleep mode, its high-frequency noise before it sleeps will be one of your loudest computer devices in the house. You can set the sleep mode to one minute, but this was the longest one minute I've had to endure. The printer is in a non-computer room and just use the On/Off switch to turn it off if it becomes too much of a bother. This isn't particularly inconvenient, since we have inkjet scanner/copiers near most of the computers for regular small-print use, but I hope this won't shorten the device's life. The laser jet is only used as ""batch job"" printer for all the computers we have around the house, so its wireless and auto-duplex features are a must. Compared to other budget laser printers with these features, the toner cartridge costs are less expensive. I wished I had more time to wait for a *quiet* laser printer on sale, but compared to inkjet refills, this was a good enough choice. As for installation, we have several Win XP and Windows 7 computers. I downloaded the updated drivers and software from the Brother site (updated 12/10/10 as of this review), and didn't have any problems."
