Gotten say this is the best screen and processor there is out there. Nothing beats it in comparison!
"I was a previous iPhone user, until I switched from the 4 to a Galaxy S2, and I loved it, but there were alot of things wrong with the S2, Samsung has listened to user feedback and used their experience to make this 4.8 inch masterpiece.  Why do I love this phone so much?"
"I got the S3 yesterday, since I owned a iPhone 4S here the comparison:"
"This is without a doubt the best phone I've ever owned. I dropped the iPhone 4S for this phone. Didn't expect to like it more than the iPhone 4S, but kept an open mind and decided to try it out. Glad I did. The screen on this phone is amazing."
Buyers beware the phone is not supported by Samsung US. My just phone died after 5 months of use and now I have spent almost 5 hours of chatting and calling different folks from Samsung and no one would take responsibly. The seller should have mentioned this while selling the product.
"First, this is a review of the US version of the phone. I tried to put a review up on the US version, but Amazon wouldn't let me. So hopefully this helps out people deciding to get the US version of the phone. In case people are wondering this is for the Sprint network."
I am amazed by the power of my Galaxy S3.
"Okay, I was a bit skeptical when ordering this phone, for one I did not want to be ripped off buy the seller. overall I was just scared that I would be blowing $650.00 for the phone."
"I've never had any android device and at first I was a little apprehensive, coming from a blackberry the difference is noticeable. I'm very happy, tons of apps, low price, no exclusivity problems (like the nokia lumia 900 or iphone). I had the opportunity to handle an iphone for quite some time and I really don't get why people like it that much, this phone is way better, has a lot of functions and a real screen. I absolutely recommend it. And regarding the other review, probably that MORON is installing the SIM card backwards, the phone is fully unlocked and operational."
"Product ""international Version"" seems to mean no Samsung Support and no Samsung warranty. Surge Telecom is less than useless they seem to not care. Check blogs and check Surge Telecom site. A product on there site talks about a bad component in the s3 international and offers a product that they claim to correct it. After your 15 day return window closes then the 30 day A to Z insurance is over you are on your own."
"If you buy this item, beware that Samsung support is REALLY BAD! Read on..."
"First of all, I bought from Wireless Everything. I was very pleased with them, it came sealed and great customer service as well."
"3 months after I got the phone it stopped charging.  We waited for more than 2 weeks while it was ""repaired"" in Texas.  When the phone was returned it still wouldn't charge.  After a couple more calls a new charger and battery was sent to us.  With the new battery it started charging, but would drop phone calls a few minutes into a phone call.  Once again we had to send it to Texas for repair.  We received the phone this morning and it is missing the SIM card and the back cover.  They say they've lost the SIM card and I have to go buy a new one.  I've had to call half a dozen times to get things fixed and each time I get transferred to 2 or 3 different departments and it takes 30-60 minutes or more.  It's been over a month and I still don't have a working phone--and all this time I've been paying for service.  I like the phone when it works, but the Samsung support model is such a disaster that I will never purchase a Samsung product again.  When my iPhone failed I took it to the Apple store and they replaced it in less than half an hour."
"The top of the page describes the phone as the i9300 international version of the Galaxy S3, however, in the description it says the processor is the dual core Snapdragon.  US versions have the dual core Snapdragon processor, while the international version has the quad core Exynos processor.  If the description is accurate, then this is NOT the international version of the phone.  By some of the reviews, it appears this seller just throws any old S3 into a box and ships it."
"Beware of buying this product, it's very likely to suffer the Sudden Death syndrome (Google about it), and no warranty is honored neither by the store nor Samsung for the International Version. I've been a Samsung fan for a long time, but this has been a huge disappointment, so no more Samsung products for me. Their warranty model is just a joke."
"UPDATE 5/03/2013: Just read a post elsewhere where someone said Android was only good for web,email, and stupid games. I chuckled to myself and replied..."
"This phone is fantastic. It feel great in the hand and pocket, despite the immense screen size. The software is incredibly fast and smooth although the ""IOS rip off"" crowd does have a case on a few of its features. Regardless, the phone runs great, is very powerful and battery length is quite good due to the large battery (easily lasts 24 hours of light to moderate use). The bootloader is factory unlocked and works without issue on multiple SIMs on USA AT&T.; It is important to note, however, that the quad-core exynos chip will not support US LTE bands so beware before you buy."
"I was always a fan of Android operated phones, but decided to purchase an iPhone in April of this year because I wanted to try out something different. Let's be honest, years worth of iHype had convinced me that the iPhone was where it's at, and I needed to ""get with the times""."
"This item doesn't have any kind of warranty. I bought it just 6 months ago from Amazon.com, because I needed an unlocked phone as I use two sims from two different countries. And it just died for no apparent reason. I contacted Samsung USA, however, I was told that as it was an international version not sold in the US it wasn't supported either! They proposed me to contact Samsung UK. Samsung UK told me since I bought the phone in the US they couldn't support me with any warranty, and to go check witn US Samsung, which I previously asked and was told to go to Samsung UK, so I got in that loop, hence leaving my phone without any warranty no matter what country I am. I just lost my $700 usd I spent in this item!!!! Samsung Galaxy S3 has been having lots of hardware problems, to fix mine will cost $500 usd to replace the motherboard not worth it!!! WARNING!!!"
"If you get good Sprint or AT&T; reception, then ABSOLUTLEY get this phone on those carriers."
"I've had the phone for a few days now, here's whats up."
"This phone is really great and coming from the HTC G2 to this was an easy transition. It's very user friendly. However with t-mobile, it will only work on edge not 3g or 4g; didn't know that. However, I returned the phone and I knew there would be a restocking fee applied, but $55 is unnecessarily steep and considering the return address is someone's house is a little ridiculous. Won't be ordering from this seller again."
Awesome. Can't keep it out of my hands. They thought of everything with this phone. What will Samsung come up with next :-)
I've had an iphone and a couple droids and this beats them all hands down.
"Nov 1, 2012 Update on my phone. When it worked, it was great & I loved it. Now AT&T; & myself can't get it to work, even with new SIM cards. Won't recognize AT&T; data signals. So my $600.00 smart phone is now DUMB & I hate that it doesn't work! I can ONLY make & receive calls (maybe). AT&T; is unable to get my phone to work properly, 4 calls to customer service & 2 times at AT&T; store with no resolution. Samsung US will not help because it's international phone. I did not want an international phone, just an unlocked phone. So buyer beware, you may have problems with the unlocked international phone on AT&T; or T-Mobile."
The phone is large and after using I honestly feel like the iphone is a toy.  I have been using Smartphones since 92 with the HP ipaq and its nice that someone has finally put a decent sized screen on a phone.
"I bought the pebble blue, unlocked international S3 eight months after I bought the same version of the S2 for my wife here in Quito.  She was very, very happy with her Christmas present, and I rated it five stars. I'm pleased to say that the S3 is even better than the S2 (as well it should be!) and probably would rate higher than five stars, if that were possible to do here."
"The look and feel of the phone is like none other. It is thin, light, and really really powerful."
"I bought it a week ago. I've never had a cell this fast. Auto dial is a great feature. Tons of memory and proccessing power. Headphones show good bass and high frequencies. Even the front camera has nice quality. I'm still discovering it, but I think this beast is very promising."
"This phone is not compatible with a T-mobile sim card.(no 4g, will only perform at EDGE speeds) The description on Amazon says the 4G is ""region based"" and since I live in New York, my ""region"" does pick up 4G. I dont think the average consumer knows the specs of the phone. Now I'm being charged $65.00 just to return the phone (10%) plus shipping!!!! Very disappointed."
I would like to express my displeasure with the Galaxy S3 (International Version I-9300 - purchased in China). I have had the phone since June of 2012 and in terms of performance the phone has more than met my expectations with one major flaw - this is the most fragile screen I have ever seen on a phone!
This phone has a Pentile display. For every day stuff it's fine. BUT if you plan on using your phone to do a lot of reading then stick to the S II or another phone. I went back to the S II after having difficulties reading for an extended period of time on this display.
I had got my Samsung Galaxy S3 a month ago from amazon...it was my first product to buy from amazon..and bought it from seller stylevie ...they packed and shipped it very carefully!!
This will be long but for those trying to decide whether or not to get this between the iPhone 5 then hopefully you'll find the information useful.  My wife and I bought the phones together with GSIII for me and iPhone 5 for her.
"I researched the phone a lot before buying.  I went on a formum called Howards forum and talked to several people there.  Then I talked to the seller of this phone who gave me helpful info on which phone to get.  I was  worried about buying the international over the US version.  Seller said it was better and so did the forums.  I have service through a small provider.  I have always had a Blackberry and had upgraded as soon as the new one came out.  We got my mother a Samsung because she wanted a smartphone and I loved what she had.  Galaxy 2.  Anyway I got my phone 2 days after order was placed.  I am not sure why anyone would have problems with the phone being in German.  It gives instructions on how to set the phone before you can open the box.  Box is sealed with the instructions.  Phone is very fast, pictures are beautiful.  Camera has none of the lag of other camera phones I have owned have.  I practiced on the grand kids today and got very good action shots.  Everything is set up to send the photos anywhere you want.  I will be getting an Otterbox cover as I really don't want to damage that beautiful screen.. I seem to be running the battery down fast but I have downloaded lots of apps and pictures so I hope thats it.  So far it seems to last one day between charges.  But as I say I have been using pretty heavy. So far I would buy this phone again."
"This phone suddenly stop working one minute, this is a common problem with this model, I tried to use the warranty and Samsung Latinoamerica just told me that they can't accept my phone because it has a scratch on the plastic and the Warranty is voided."
"Overall, The Galaxy S III is the best phone I have ever owned. It is perfect for any college student. It is easy to use and its internal memory is excellent. It takes amazing photos with the rear camera, the front camera is also very good, and the camera setting are very easy to use and offer a variety of effects. The update for the phone now has a driving mode setting which reads you who is calling or texting you. The personalization features are very good as well. The only drawbacks of this phone are the battery life and durability. I usually run out of battery by noon everyday. I recommend buying a backup battery and charging station if you use your phone heavily. This phone is very fragile too. Even though the screen is nearly scratch proof, a short drop on the pavement or floor will crack the screen. The otterbox defender case is a sure way to ensure the safety of the phone. They are a little pricy but make the phone waterproof and shock absorbent. Occasionally there is a lag in the phone. This phone is an excellent buy overall and can meet the needs of any person."
"I have had several smart phones, but this one is in a class of its own. I can live with a glitch or two but this is ridiculous.  I hear the angry birds theme music when making phone calls. I CAN NOT share my location.  When texting phone opens random apps. When selecting people from my favorites list in contacts it calls my cousin from MN, no matter who I select.  Hell, I've been working on this review for 20minutes. It keeps closing this page and opening my alarm clock that I can't seem to shut off. I HATE this phone."
"Hi i just want to mention that this international version supports only Edge not 3g or 4g with T mobile connection. i didnt try with other carrier. Please be aware, i am not sure if there is any other way to make it work on 3G"
