"I needed a USB drive on my keychain. I bought 6 different ones (some purchased at Amazon and some at Staples). This one is my favorite. The metal casing feels strong yet light. And it fits easily on any keychain. It's about 80% the size of a standard house key (see my photo that I added). Also, it's very good looking. Looks great on the keychain; looks great when inserted into any computer."
"Since this is a relatively new product and there is a HUGE number of potential flash drives out there, I thought I'd review this little guy."
""
I have been using this item now for about a month and so far it has been working well. I am having a bit of trouble inserting it into select USB ports as the metal casing is just a bit larger than some of the ports I have on my PCs. I actually had to remove it from my laptop with pliers the first time I used it because it was so snug that I could not pull it out with just my fingers.
I've owned this about a month and is seems to work fine with light use.
Be aware the inner memory chip is not glued at all.
"It looks great and is durable for sure. I haven't tested it out too much, only transferring basic files. The main issue is it's size. It looks small but I literally have to force it into the usb slot. I have an even harder time pulling it out. What is up with that?!!?! I would not have bought it if I knew it would not fit smoothly."
I've never had a thumb drive fall part before today.  Piece of crap - pulled it out of my purse and the innards went flying.
"Like everyone else, I was drawn to these drives by their form factor, and sleek look. Unfortunately, the six I ordered had serious issues with quality control."
"It was attached to my keychain, which doesn't get particularly heavy usage, and after a month of use I went to put it into my computer and noticed that the USB portion of the drive (e.g., what's inside the metal shell) had fallen out. Fortunately there was nothing on there that I hadn't backed up, but I was quite irritated that it lasted just long enough that the refund window closed and then broke. Not a big fan."
"Kept it on my key-ring loaded with important data.  Tried to use it one day and found the insides had fallen out. Only had it a month or so, and only used it 5 or 6 times.  What a waste."
"I bought 3 of these for various uses, which included one to keep on my keychain. I am a college student, so I need a portable flashdrive which is durable enough to trust with all of my schoolwork. I put one of these flash drives on my keychain, and that same day the same thing happened that other people were complaining about, and the internal part of the flash drive fell out. Thank god I backed it up, because that flash drive is now rendered useless. When I plug it in any computer, nothing happens. I tried on multiple computers. The other two work when I plug them in, but I now do not have enough confidence to trust them with my schoolwork. It is not worth it to me to try to send it back to get a refund, but I thought it was important to share my experience. I assumed that since the average rating was pretty high, I could assume it was high-quality. I was wrong, and am very dissapointed in the product."
"I really liked the design of this USB drive.  However, in the first day of owning this, the inner black memory card detached from the outer casing when I removed it from the USB port."
I recently acquired a Kingston Digital DataTraveler SE9 and a
""
"At first I was very pleased with this product, it allowed me to keep my USB thumb drive on my keychain, allowing me to carry it around with me everywhere I went. I used this product primarily to store my programs for my AP computer science class. I had spent a week writing a program, and I saved my progress on the USB due to our schools computers memory getting cleared every night. The night before the project was due I had decided to review the program on my home computer, I inserted the thumb-drive into my computer, and noticed the computer did not recognize any devices, shortly I took out the thumb-drive and realized the actual chip was missing from the casing of the thumb-drive, meaning all my data was gone, I literally searched everywhere for the chip, even driving to my school at night hoping I could find it in the quad.  The program being due the next day I was forced to literally stay up all night and re-write my program from scratch. I would not recommend this product due to the lack of adhesive holding the chip and casing together. I had only had this thumb-drive for 2 months."
"Overall, a very nice little 16 gig drive to have. Incredibly small, sleek, and cheap ($10 w/ free ship). However, its speed is not great, though acceptable."
"I liked the size of this thing and the look. BUT,"
Had it for two weeks and I dropped my keys and the chip fell out of the case. Would return it but it will cost more to ship it back. I'm going back to SanDisk!
"My favorite USB drive I have ever owned, quite a bit of storage, made entirely out of metal and I was extremely surprised how small this drive is.  Fits great on a carabiner."
"I've been wanting to find the perfect storage device for my keychain.  Between work, personal, and school, I need to have access to several files.  I had purchased two different USB devices that were supposedly meant for keychains.  However, they were plastic.  As you could guess, the plastic broke on both keyloops within about 3 months of usage.  Luckily in both cases, they had broken in my pocket, so I did not lose my storage device or its contents."
"This is the smallest, sleekest usb drive that you'll find. It's all metal, so it won't break, and it's a small item on your keychain. It couldn't be more convenient, so you always have something easy to transfer files. I'm almost always carrying my iPod Nano which would work fine for files, but I don't carry the cable. With this thing, as long as you've got your keys, you've got files and storage. I'm a die-hard minimalist, and this is as minimal and beautiful as you can get as far as usb drives go. The only negatives are that it's a bit tight getting it pushed on to the computer and a bit small for pulling it off. You just have to wiggle it a little. However, I'm pretty sure that that will get easier with time, so I won't dock it a star. If you like sleek and efficient, you'll like this drive."
"Definitely one of the more attractive usb key/pen drives available. It's never wider than the usb port itself, so it makes it a great key chain so your data is always available. Unfortunately, though, it will end up screwing you in the end."
Pros :
"Seems like a nice compact USB flash drive that would fit perfectly on my key-chain. Unlike most other compact/mini flash drive, the front USB pin contacts aren't completely exposed (whole thing is shielded by the outer aluminum casing). However, just after 29 days of use, somehow the inner USB pin contact fell out! I only noticed this issue when I tried to plug it into a USB port. I can't seem to locate the contact component, so now the drive is completely useless. Very disappointed with this product."
"This device was amazing for about the first month and then problems started to arrive at every turn. First of all the data thing on the inside comes in and out all of the time. You can push it back in and that solves the problem momentarily. Second, it scratches up and gets gray aluminum garbage all over my finger and etc. Last but not least, yesterday I tried to use my data traveler and noticed that it wasn't linking up to my computer. I looked inside of the data traveler and noticed the thing that I continued to push back in has totally fallen out and was no where to be found. To bad, I didn't have that stuff backed up on my Dropbox like everything else. If you want something that's reliable and won't fail on you at unexpected moments. Don't purchase this product."
The internal components fell out after 5 uses.  I have no idea where it fell out and hope its not lodged in my work computer where it was last used.  A waste of money.
"After losing my first, plastic one of these Kingston flash drives, I opted for the metal one as a replacement.  I love the small, stylish design, but unfortunately the plastic chip fell out of the middle of it and it is lost. The device is unusable and will hopefully be returned for a refund."
This is really a great design and I love how there are no moving parts to break.  Sadly the casing is just fractionally too wide as it rubs quite a bit when inserting it into the computer.  I've tried it on a HP desktop as well as a Macbook Air (which was quite bad due to the metal-on-metal contact between the USB stick and the aluminum casing of the computer) as well as a Mac Pro desktop.  On all 3 computers the USB stick casing was fractionally too large and rubbed.  If this was fixed I would likely give it 5 stars due to it's price and design concept.
"One thing I really like about this SE9 is that it is small and the metal casing seems very rugged.  Unfortunately when I tried copying a movie file (730mb) my 2GB Sandisk Cruzer Micro got a faster read and write speed.  I used a Macbook Pro with OS X Lion to test.  The Cruzer took 1 min 11 sec to write from the laptop to the usb drive, the SE9 took 2 min 24 sec, more than double!  The SE9 seemed to go faster initially then somehow it really bogged down.  For copying that same file from the USB back to the laptop, the Cruzer did it in 30 seconds while the SE9 did it in 41 seconds.  It's not a direct apple to apple comparison because the SE9 is at 16GB compared to the Cruzer which was at 2GB."
OVERALL:
"I know memory is cheap, but for the price, this drive is well built.  It's metallic and not flimsy like so many other drives.  There is no cap to get lost or sliding mechanisms to break.  This drive will be on my keychain in my pocket most of"
"I purchased 2 10-pacs of these from Costco and they came to $4.67 for each unit (including Texas sales tax and shipping), a pretty good deal!  But to buy them one at a time, Amazon will always be the best way to go."
"I bought one earlier. I got the 16 GB one and I liked it enough to get 5 more! I gave 4 as gifts to friends. These things are tiny, but you can put them into your key chain and since it has an aluminium casing it's perfectly safe. I keep one in my bag and the other's on my key chain."
Great design with a big key hole that makes carrying the flash drive very convenient on your key chain. Nice sturdy and small metal case with lots of memory inside. Works great with both my Windows 7 and Windows XP computers.
I got the 16GB version...
"Back in 2006 I bought a 4GB Sandisk Titanium (the ones actually made out of titanium) as my primary keychain flash drive for college. In the last few years i've been looking to upgrade to a drive with more storage, but I have been entirely unable to find something that replicates the ruggedness of that drive. Dinky plastic drives are inadequate to take the extreme wear that comes from years on a keychain."
"i wanted to wait until i had been using this at least a month since previous USB drives i've had seemed great out of the box, but then died within a couple weeks. this is a great drive. small so that it doesn't take up a lot of room in your pocket. the big hole for the keychain is fantastic. loads on the desktop quickly. uploads and downloads quickly. they cut the price since i bought it (maybe since usb drives are becoming obsolete due to the Cloud?), so it's an even better value now."
