"Purchased this from a local big box store, because Amazon was still selling at list price and there was only one product review. Have used the printer for 3 days now and come to the following conclusions: fast printing, good auto document feeder, good paper handling, good scanning, and easy set up! What's not to like?"
"May 28th, 2013 - In the fall of 2012, my ole Canon printer stopped working, and I was pretty bummed to have to go researching printers online as so many of the manufacturers promise the moon but deliver only ink eating turkeys.  So, I headed here to Amazon and started searching. Out of all the lower cost printers, one Brother monochrome laser jet and the Epson 845 Workforce stood out, when only real reviews (Amazon Verified Purchase) were counted.  I need the ability to print in color from time to time plus scanning so the 845 spiked my interest.  Checking the Epson website, I discovered the WF 3540 which is the 845 rebuilt for 2012/2013.  So with much trepidation, I ordered it from Amazon. Below is how I would rate it in several general aspects:"
For about 20 years I have bought nothing but HP printers.  At first they did very well for me and lasted for many years.  The last two or three HP printers have been less than my expectations even though I have bought the more expensive and better rated models.
"I was replacing my old inkjet printer, and the Epson's all had good reviews. I especially liked the duplex scanning and duplex printing, as well as the e-mail print functionality."
"The printer is very easy to set up. You can print from your iOS device, using AirPrint, directly. Very simple. The printer is easy to unpack, simple instructions on setup, step by step. I was using the printer in less than 20 minutes after lugging the box into the office."
""
"I reviewed the Epson WP-4540 some time back which is the big brother to this machine, and whereas the 4540 has a bigger footprint, slightly faster speed, and some other features, this unit excels at it's job, for less money, and the addition of air print comparability from your smartphone."
"It's a beautiful looking printer, the speed is fast and the color printing looks good."
"This printer is feature rich, yet simple to set up and intuitive to use. It will act as a wireless network printer, a scanner, a full featured copier, and a fax machine."
A review in progress
"Just got this printer and was frustrated there weren't ANY reviews to buy on so thought I would give some feedback to others.  Purchased this to replace my ink hog HP Vivera which I had for 6 years.  With 6 ink cartridges, that was an ink salesman's dream and I spent alot of time and money buying ink.  Am hopeful that wont be the case with this printer.  At least there are only 4 cartridges to maintain here!"
"Epson has two lines of home/office printers, the home office line and the small office line. The WF-3540 is the brand new top of the line model for the home office line. It is roughly price equivalent with the WP-4530 from the small office line. The 3540, with incorporated scanning, duplex automatic document feeder, scanner/copier, and fax, pretty much does everything. The connectivity out of the box is impressive as well. Not only does it have wifi (easily set up from a built-in screen) but through Epson Connect, it gets its very own email address. Want something printed out and waiting for you when you get home. Email it to your printer. Obviously you can also fax it to your printer, but email is so much easier! You can also use Google Cloud as a resource since the printer will connect directly there as well. And of course you could also print from your iThing. Or you can just plug in any of these memory cards using the front slot:"
1/14/2013
"I have used many printers at work and assigned many as well. I typically use laser printers for the obvious reasons. I purchased the epson WF-3540 for the H.R. dept due to certain demands (needed fax mach, needed auto duplex print and scan capabilities, needed e-print, needed to print on envelopes and needed to print in color) Speed was a factor as was ink usage and cost. This printer claimed to meet all those needs while using little ink. I was shocked at how fast this thing was.It scans like a dream. Needless to say this is basically the only printer I purchase now and everyone I got it for LOVES it. Great job Epson"
"Purchased this printer for home use for a household with two middle schoolers who frequently print school reports, web pages, etc.  Set-up was fairly easy for multiple laptops and iPads and the web printing/scanning features are very handy.  Haven't tried any serious photo printing yet, but this printer is speedy and the quality for text and web page images is good.  For the price, I'm very pleased."
"Maybe I got a lemon, but I'm not giving them a second chance. I got past the first jam issue by noticing the ink box was up. Pressed it down and was able to get to the home screen. Then, when I started printing, I didn't have one good print. It jams every single time. Sometimes it might feed one sheet past the jam, but it does it too soon or too late and the alignment on the page is always off. Horrendous piece of crap!"
"In February, I received and reviewed the"
"I have owned my WF-3540 for a little over one month and with one exception love it. The exception is ink consumption. The cartridges that came with it have run out after less than 100 copies, under 50 for the black cartridge. The User Manual says nothing about a ""starter set"" of cartridges so the fast usage was unexpected. I am now keeping a diary of copies made just to establish a usage history. Otherwise it has great features and rock-solid performance."
"Great printer for the price and lived up to the high reviews. My gripe is the default paper tray cannot be changed on a mac so I can print plain paper to tray #2 (instead of standard default tray #1), and leave 4x6 photo paper in tray #1 (only tray for photo or envelopes).  From my application I can use File-print-copies & pages arrow to media & quality-select alternate tray (#2) and save as a new default, but that doesn't change the default when I print from the print icon.  No matter what I do, it goes to tray#1.  That means I have to remove plain paper and insert photo every time I want pics.  Sort of defeats the purpose of two trays.  Problem is only on Mac though, I was able to change the default easily on my Win 7 64bit PC by control panel-view devices printers-right click printer-left click printing preferences-select cassette 2-OK.  Works like a charm.  My Mac is my primary computer, so am thinking of returning the printer for a refund.  Epson customer support was good, but could only confirm the mac limitation."
Easy to set up wireless but that's where it ends. Manual doesn't include enough graphics of trays and the printer also jams all the time. I only bought it because Amazon said it was #1. I disagree.
"I am generally pleased with this product.  It prints very quickly.  Print quality looks good. It has a nice set of features.  I love the two paper trays, which means adding paper less frequently.  I also love the Google cloud feature, which allows me to print from any computer logged into my Google account.  I was also able to install a cloud print app on my Android phone, and now I can print documents from my phone!  Pretty cool."
"I replaced an old Epson Stylus CX4800 printer with this one.  What drew me to this one was the networking and Airprint capabilities, the duplexing, the multiple paper trays and hopefully better handling of card stock for home projects."
"I purchased the WF-3540 to replace a previous ""wireless"" printer that didn't work"
"Have always had HP printers for the least 15+ years up until recently. After reading the reviews on this product, I purchased it for my business and have been very pleased with it. In fact, I recommended it to a friend as well and they, too, are delighted with their purchase. I use it with my MacBook Pro and iPhone, as I can print from my iPhone - or any AirPrint device - easily and readily. Highly recommend as it sets up easily. Mine is setup totally on my wireless network, although it can be setup via USB as well."
"I love this printer.  Really.  It does a great job printing.  And I love that it has a second tray for envelopes.  I print lots of envelopes.  But you can only put your No. 10 envelopes in Tray 1, the default tray.  And you can't change which tray is the default tray.  So whatever you print will, by default, be printed to whatever is in Tray 1 - in my case No. 10 envelopes.  So all ePrint documents and other default only print jobs are printed on my No. 10 envelopes.  Did Epson engineers really think this thing through?"
"I purchased this at BestBuy on sale for the same price as Amazon at the time ($149.99), simply because I needed it immediately. After reading the other reviews, I'd say I have to agree. This printer is awesome. I work IT and often deal with printers that are far too complicated (in more ways than one) - not this one. Have no qualms about purchasing this printer. I actually feel like it's the year 2012 while using it."
"I used to have a HP and bought this printer because it had such amazing reviews.  I feel utterly deceived.  My old HP printer was 5 times as fast as this printer and it had far better color.  I'm not sure why everyone comments on how fast this printer is or if I just bought a faulty one, but I had bubble jet printers in the 90's that were faster than this one.  So disappointing."
"I purchased this printer for a large group of people to use as a network color printer. They needed to be able to print color documents, and it is used in combination with a HP LJ 4015dn printer."
"After one week on the job and over an hour with technical support, this printer still can't print a color page without streaks and with correct color. I am not doing anything fancy at all, just accent color blocks and a few graphs. It also drops blobs of black ink periodically which then affect the following pages as well. Despite a manual CD installation (with Apple, I am used to having it be automatic), the scan function turned out not to be included in the software and had to be added in. It is not as usable as the HP functions with my last, ancient printer. The copy function took a full five minutes to spit out one black and white copy. Needless to say I am not impressed and really miss HP. I bought this one because the reviews were better but I am sorry now."
"Oh man, this printer is THE best! I love that I can sit in the living room, organize recipes and print them in the art room...how cool is that? I have printed hundreds of recipes on one ink cartridge, saving tons of $. I would recommend this printer to anyone....I have! Print quality is great, speed fantastic, ease of set up was incredible...I can't say enough great things about it!"
I'm giving this printer a 5 star review only minutes after taking it out of the box for one reason only - the set up with my Macbook was SUPER easy.
"I never thought I would buy another ink type of printer but this Epson line is really nice for my home office needs and much more affordable than the laser types. I especially like the duplex printing. I copied artwork for my sons' Eagle Court of Honor, making 50 two sided copies from single sided originals. Faxing, printing, copying, and scanning all in one machine."
"Oustanding Printer.  I did alot of research before buying this printer.  My old HP printer died after about 6 years of constant use.  So I thought I would buy another HP.  The research I did had me almost buying the top of the line HP but after looking at it further it wouldn't with print photo paper.  I don't print photos that much but not to be able to print them didn't make any sense to me.  From what I could see the HP products had horrible customer service and the printers the ""experts"" touted as the best didn't jive with the customers reviews.  So I took all of this into acct to include ink cost per page etc and went with the Epson."
"The printer is a bit loud compared to my old Canon MX850.  Also, the scan to PC (direct from printer) function with the MacOx 10.8 is super flaky and doesn't work 90% of the time.  Epson itself has acknowledged this issue and has issued workarounds which as I was told on the phone ""is not promised to work"".  This should be fixed before being sold as being mac compatible."
"""I have owned competitive printers for years. 15 months ago I purchased an 8500a from another company, that I won't mention, that worked fine. Then last month it kept printing lines across images even though I cleaned the printhead about half a dozen times and even purchased replacement heads. I was pretty disappointed when the new printheads just didn't solve the problem; AND this printer constantly cleaned the printheads practically after every print job (a procedure that uses up a significant amount of ink when printed), a feature that at first I thought was a good idea to keep the printer working like new."
"We have two computers using the WF-3540, one directly connected to the printer and one via wifi.  Both methods work great with instant results for scanning, printing, etc.  We use all of the features from scan, print, etc.  The printer is fast and efficient plus we utilize the eco feature which reduces electrical power when not in use.  I highly recommend this printer.  I cannot comment on the fax feature as we do not have a land line."
I had very high hopes for this printer with all the features it listed. It replaced a Canon MP560 from 2009 which also had wifi.
I purchased this to replace a competitor's ALL IN One that I have had for about two years.
We have an iMac (OS X / Lion) and a new Dell Ultrabook (Windows 7 x64).
"I've had this printer for a grand total of 48 hours, but those are some pretty important hours."
