"I purchased both the newly updated 13"" MacBook Air and the updated"
"I am a professional photographer, and recently purchased the Macbook Air 13"" base model as an addition to my desktop workstation. It replaced a 2010 13"" Macbook Pro as the machine I'll use when away from the office. After a few days of testing, here are my thoughts:"
"Going from a White Macbook circa 2008 to the 2012 Macbook Air is a massive leap forward in technology for me. The big question is deciding which one will be best for you: The 13"" Macbook Pro or the 13"" Macbook Air."
UPDATES:
"The first Apple product I owned was a 1st generation iPod Nano. From there I got an iPhone (1st Gen), iPad 1, and the 3rd generation iPad (most of these were gifts). I had good experiences with all of them and my MSI laptop was dying on me, so I decided to get my first Mac. I ordered an upgraded Air with 8GB or RAM from the Apple store. It arrived in eight days, and as always, it was beautifully packaged."
"This is a wonderful product, well designed and very light. Unfortunately, the Wifi is not reliable. I have many other Apple products connecting to my home network with no problems, but this MacBook Air just can't keep a reliable connection. The connection slows down to a crawl every few minutes, sometimes it drops."
"Now that Macs can run Windows, I am glad I can buy Macs and get the best of both worlds.  I purchased my Macbook Air for school.  I am a Sophomore at college and I have used a Macbook Pro, an HP Laptop, and most recently an iPad.  The first two were bulky and added a lot of weight to my backpack.  I ended up leaving the laptops at home and using campus computers instead, negating the purpose of even having a laptop."
"Before I start this review, I would like to mention that I had an Asus Zenbook UX31A for a week or two before I ordered the Air. The Ultrabook was stellar - most reviewers say it is the top Ultrabook out right now (the MBA technically does not classify as an Ultrabook), but it had some shortcomings that I could not stand. Therefore, I bought the Air instead. Anyways, here is my opinion on the 13"" MBA (2012 edition)."
"This MacBook Air is my 5th Apple product and definitely won't be my last but I am in no way an Apple fangirl though I'm beginning to have a whole new appreciation for all of their products and the whole ecosphere, but I do recognize its faults.  I put off the purchase of a Mac laptop for at least two years trying to make do with my PC.  I bought a high-end Sony Vaio with every feature I wanted except a lighted keyboard.  Other than having to occasionally use Adobe CS and Visual Studio on Windows to do .NET development, I haven't given my old laptop a second thought since I got the Air 3 months ago."
"I upgraded from a 2010 HP Envy 14 to the 13"" MacBook Pro about 3 weeks ago. I tinker at a basic level, so I opted to purchase a SATA III SSD and 2x4GB 1600MHz RAM on my own and installed it. So, I had an upgraded MBP 13"" I was very proud of."
"I wanted to purchase an Ultrabook (i.e., the PC version of the Air), but it seemed they all had either extreme flaws or annoying quirks. I have had an iPhone for years, as well as an iPad, but this is my first experience of any sort with an Apple straight computer after using solely PCs for about 20 years. It took about 20 minutes to get accustomed to the various gestures necessary to operate the Air quickly. It is truly an intuitive device, it's ultra-lightweight, and MS Office for Mac works great. The image quality is also outstanding --- a 13"" screen with 1440 x 900 is crisp and clear. The Retina display certainly looks amazing, but I can't think of a good reason to pay the huge premium, unless you do computer graphics for a living (I'm a lawyer). I recommend the Air, even to professionals/business-oriented users."
"This is by far the best computer I've ever owned. It is super fast, light, beautiful and great for productivity (especially on the go). The multitouch gestures are wonderful and genuinely enhance my productivity. I have the Core i5 with 8 gb of ram (an upgrade I highly recommend) and 128 gb SSD. The screen is excellent and I honestly am not wanting of a Retina display. Most of the times when I have a few applications open the computer doesn't make any noise, it's only when you're playing HD video for an extended time or a game that the computer can get unbearably hot. I think if you need a fast and portable computer, you should get this. Despite this fact, there are a few annoying flaws with both the computer and the software."
"I needed a laptop that I can carry and walk around with every day, use it for development, word processing and presentations. Last year I got a Lenovo U300s, and was very happy with it. Three things stood out: screen was a bit dark and image would fade at an angle, 4GB ram was low and it had an  inferior trackpad; otherwise it was a superb laptop. Unfortunately, that laptop was stolen and so I decided to finally embrace the new age of personal computing with a MB Air. I'm very happy with my choice."
"It's light, it's durable, and, as Apple states, it's ready for anything. The MacBook Air is back for another generation and keeps a slender aluminum skeleton. It's sleek, dazzling, and fits just about anywhere. Typing in the dark isn't a problem with its stunning backlit keys and bright, energy-conserving screen. It's very light and ""airy"", specially considering the fact it's made of metal. It's convenient, has a long battery life, and is undeniably a minuteman underneath its glamorous shell."
"Despite being the guy who wrote the article about how with an iPad and a keyboard case you don't need a laptop anymore, I had a large case that was going to trial that required the purchase of a laptop.  Despite being an Apple guy generally (4S, iPad, 27 iMac) I cheaped out and bought a HP Envy 4.  My justification was similiar performance at half the cost."
"First of all, I had the Macbook Pro 15 inch (glossy) 2012 then a Macbook Retina 2012 15 inch then finally Macbook Air 2012 and I will stick to that."
I've been a Mac User since 1987. My first was a ci and between my wife and myself (and work) we've had about 12.
"I love how easy to use this, quick and simple to navigate.  I do like the size.  The screen is a tad small, but my old laptop had a large screen.  I love the fact that you can open a MAC for the first time and not have to run hours of software and windows updates!  Someone made a comment recently that Microsoft just seems really outdated and I think that is true.  I will not go back to a windows based computer again."
"I have had imac's, MacBooks, pro, iPads.  The air does the trick.  Easy to carry, does not get hot.  Base model is fine for most needs.  Space, multimedia, photos, docs, use the clouds.  I have a loaded imac 27 and to be honest the cost of the upgrades for me did not pan out in performance.  Don't get mr wrong, if you upgrade, you will see a performance increase.  But could not see a $300 difference between the imac i5 vs i7.  Hence, I would expect the same with the Mac air.  But we a talking $300 plus.  If you buy the base model, it's $100 less then apple store, and if your in a state with no sales tax burden, the base is a great buy.  The quality of the air is amazing.  For me it will replace my ipad, even thou I still like my ipad, the mac air does it all.  As for the air vs the pro, for a college student , the pro might be a better choice as a sole computer.  But if you have desktop, the pro is duplication, but portable.  The MacBook Air is light weight, thin, and perfect for most tasks.  IMHO the MacBook Air at $1098 is way to go."
"My first Apple was a 2008 Macbook Pro that my graduate program forced us all to buy.  While I was annoyed at the cost, I quickly became a fan of the form of the machine as well as the bombproof operating system.  However the machine was slightly large for my needs and the battery life was poor.  After 4 years of heavy use it was time for a replacement, and at this point I wasn't going back to brand X. I also needed something smaller than the Pro."
"I just purchased this MacBook Air. I have been a committed PC owner forever. This is definitely the best machine I have ever owned. It is quiet and fast. Everything just works. Sure, it cost 25%-50% more than a comparably equipped Windows machine. But it is definitely worth it. Apps load very quickly, reboots rarely required (and fast if they are)."
"I am a 43 year old lifetime PC user, and am writing this review using my Mac Air.  I still use my PC, mostly for gaming, and also for work, as we use all MS software for email, etc.  This laptop is great for portability, as I travelled home from CO to WA state with this instead of my ASUS gaming laptop this year.  Boy what a difference in bulk and weight.  As for whether Macs are a must for general PC users, I would have to say no.  But if you are on the fence, let me tell you what else I like about this little puppy compared to my PCs."
"With the great discounts that became available ""black Friday,"" I took a chance and purchased this great 13 inch laptop primarily for travel work. I had been relying on my iPad the last several years for these needs. But there are just some things that can be better done on a reasonably small laptop rather that an iPad. I quickly fell in love with this laptop and while I have an iMac desktop at home, I find myself often resorting to this MacAir as it is just plain fun to use."
"I love the 13.3"" Macbook Air, I love not having a hard drive, I love how light it is and even with only 4gigs of RAM with the SSD drive I find it plenty fast."
"I'm not going say much about the computer itself except to say I've been using it for a few days and love it.  I was a bit hesitant ordering such an expensive product from amazon at first, but with saving $100 over the list price and paying no sales tax or shipping, I figured why not?  I ordered on a Friday, selected free 2 day shipping (I am a prime member) and was expecting the computer Tuesday.  Instead it showed up within 24 hours on a Saturday.  Cheaper price, incredibly fast shipping, no sales tax.  I am very happy with that I purchased this from Amazon."
"Looks great and it's pretty fast but it's very fragile.  Within 4 months of owing the computer, the screen developed white spots and the speakers stopped producing sound.  Brought it into the apple store for repair - they found no water damage or anything but then the repair depot found ""corrosion"" which isn't covered by warranty.  The cost to repair is approximately $600."
"I recently purchased the 13"" 2012 Macbook Air with 256GB hard drive. I've spent a good amount of time with it. These are my first impressions."
"Completely silent comparing to previous generation, very fast machine - I was able to watch 1080p videos from local network and Internet with no hiccups and no fan noise, something previous generation MBA could not do."
"First off, if you want a Mac, this is a no brainer. The Pro is outdated and very big, and the Retina is a huge chunk of change; save it for the professional use. For the everyday user, the Air is fantastic."
"the beauty of this laptop is that it gets out to the way and simply lets you do what you need to do. The processor isn't the fastest on the market, but I have never been left waiting for any processing tasks to date. As an email access point, word processor, and internet browser there is more than enough processing power to have a boatload of applications and multiple tabs open without a stutter. Web pages scroll nicely, new programs open in a second or two and when it comes to productivity tasks this is night and day better than my iPad since I can actually use the keyboard, Microsoft Office etc. The processor doesn't need to be all that powerful in large part due to the flash memory storage, upgraded in this generation to the faster 6 Gb/s connection so that read/write processes don't drag the computer down at all. While I use my desktop for all of my heavy duty processing of images and HD video, I will occasionally need to process an image or two on the road. So far I have found that Photoshop CS5 runs very nicely on this model, with nearly instant effects utilizing simple layer/curves adjustments. Processor intensive tasks such a gaussian blur related filters have a slight lag, taking approximately 30% longer than they do on my i7 920 desktop processor that is a few years old. It all gets done though, is far faster than my previous laptop, and nothing I regularly do has taken more than 2-3 seconds of processing time for an image, totally acceptable. It's the 30-40 second drags from my prior laptop that made me ready to throw it out the window. However, the few seconds of slowing is enough that I wouldn't want to process thousands of photos on this laptop, but for the casual edit it is more than sufficient. Lightroom runs smoothly as well, in large part due to the cache being on SSD storage, so even my 5D MkIII raw files at 30MB each are rendered to a smaller jpeg preview that the lighter processor can handle and render quickly off the SSD. Imports/export rendering take longer on this machine to be sure, but by that time I'm off doing other errands so I don't mind this lag. Video editing is functional as well and would likely work for most casual users, but massive projects simply wouldn't be possible on this machine for a multitude of reasons ranging from storage space to video card, screen size, processor etc. Overall, it does handle all casual productivity tasks that I need faster than any laptop I've owned, and can handle more processor intensive image applications acceptably for a laptop, though not fast enough that I'd consider using this as a full time professional machine."
"I really do love this laptop. I tried 3 different Windows 8 touch screens and returned them all, which led me to my first Mac. Many of my friends tried to convince me to buy a Mac for quite some time and I finally went for it. I'm thrilled with this computer and I'm having fun learning the new operating system."
"I got the Air after going through a string of cheaper, ""bang-for-the-buck""-type computers (first a Dell and then a ThinkPad Edge). With the Edge, which is the one I had right before switching to the Air, I got tired of REALLY crappy battery life, a terrible on-board graphics card, and frequent performance hick-ups. Having never owned a Macbook before, it now made more sense than ever to get one, since I got used to working in a Linux/UNIX environment and wanted to keep that but have a better interface as well."
"Use to have a MacBook 13 a couple of years back, and it was stolen and never replaced, so now I wanted to revisit the macs, and the Air is great. Nice clean aesthetics like my last one and love the OS. Super fast processor is more than enough with the I5. (who needs a I7 anyway). No one needs the 256 GB version either. Why? With all the cloud based software and storage out, just don't bother. Mac's are super even at base level so just save your self the trouble."
"I have avoided Apple products for a number of years because I believed they were overpriced products. But I have to admit, I really like my new MBA-13. It is fast, reliable, easy to update, and the trackpad is like no other. Apple has made a number of features simple and robust. For example, I occasionally hook up an aux 19in monitor to the MBA and the system remembers the configuration each time, no tweaking of the settings like I usually do with my work laptop. The boot up time on this device is fast, still under 10 secs each time, same with shut down. Finally a computer that I can turn on and off on a whim. The screen resolution is phenomenal, the keyboard and trackpad are a delight. I do see why these devices always rate so high on customer feedback, you really get what you pay for. I have not done a detailed study of the battery on this thing, I am having a hard time believing it is anywhere near the 8-9hrs claimed, more like 5hrs. Then again, I seem to be on the thing a lot, I will do a more detailed study soon."
"I'm a brand new first time Apple OSX user and this machine is really quite remarkable.  I'm a software developer and i purchased this laptop to use for learning iOS development, and i have to say, it's an impressive device. The form factor is nothing short of amazing. The fit and finish are great.  I love the back lit keyboard, and the large, gesture enabled trackpad.  The screen looks very nice and the SSD makes the machine feel very zippy considering its relatively modest specs. When closed, this laptop and my ipad take up less space in my bag than my 15"" dell did all by itself, and together they're much lighter.  It even has a much longer battery life."
"This compute is absolutely the cream of the crops. I purchased this MacBook air and the 13 inch MacBook pro and compared them exhaustively and finally decided to keep the MacBook air and here is why. This computer has a wayyyyy faster SSD drive which translates to programs starting up almost instantly, faster start up times and way faster sleep times, with the MacBook pro it takes a couple of seconds for it to go to sleep which might be a problem if you want to grab the computer and hit the road instantly and the storage I thought would be a real issue but i found it to be not a problem at all for me since I have a portable external drive. The most important deciding factor for me was the screen. This has a much better screen that the MacBook pro, it has a much higher resolution that makes MacBook pros almost fuzzy(you have to see them side by side and it will be hard to choose the MacBook pro after seeing the airs screen) it has much higher contrast ratio but i have to say MacBook pro has a little bit brighter screen but this has way deeper blacks which makes MacBook pros black level almost grey. (I tested and calibrated both of them with Xrite I1 Display Pro) MacBook airs contrast ratio was 814:1 compared to 620:1 for the MacBook pro. the only advantage MacBook pro has is color gamut which to be honest isn't really noticeable after you calibrate the screens. Overall I think MacBook airs screen is the next best after retina display MacBook pro in the MacBook line. Asus UX31A has a better display which is an IPS panel, but to me and IPS panel is not really that necessary for a laptop as it is for a tablet since you won't be changing your position very often but i have to mention that MacBook airs screen has very good viewing angles even though it is a TN panel. In my opinion MacBook airs advantages far outweigh its disadvantages compared to the Asus, specially once you consider how amazing trackpad and keyboard are on this little machine. This is the first time I have switched to mac and it is exactly what i thought it would be, an operating system that is straightforward user friendly and not riddled with problems like windows 7 and can serve users form amateur to advanced levels. I feel like i can multitask way more efficiently than i ever have on windows(I used to have a Sony VPC laptop with a standard voltage Core I5) and I absolutely love the ram memory management which makes even the most tedious tasks such as running photoshop CS6 final cut pro x, chrome with dozen of tabs open iPhoto, Skype, etc. makes it feel like you have way more than 4GBs of ram."
"I have always been a PC user. My HP laptop start to have severe overheating problem( so hot it hurts if I put my finger over the fan area for more than 5 sec).I do have also have a Dell laptop issued by work, however, it is too heavy for me to carry around school all day.  I decided to give it up and hunt for a new one.  I not a crazy apple fan, I am only a fan of quality. After getting a iPhone 4s this year, I was truly impressed by its stylish design, features and over quality. That made me put apple brand into consideration.... ok, enough of the story and let's get into the real part."
"Five plus  star is the review.  I love my Mac air.  Thank you Apple.  Three months now and no crashes.  Instant on and off.  A standby that works.  Fast and easy.  I was a Microsoft user for years.  Microsoft 7 and 8 stand for 7 or 8 times more problems.  At first I had buyers remorse because I had to learn the new operating system.  After a week the Mac air made 100% common sense.  No more new menus to learn after every new release of Windows or Office.  My windows pc was a boat anchor.  My Mac air is so easy to carry in my work bag.  I have been able to get all my software on the Mac.  I have no idea why companies stay with windows.  The time ms windows takes to boot, the high number crashes, the connectivity issues, the security issues, viruses,  etc., etc., etc.,  The raw waste messing around trying to get the windows based system to work everyday, year after year.  My Apple offers No more Windows' reliability, quality and performance issues wasting my time.  Do I really care about a new operating system from ms windows? I can't wait around for them to get it right.  After 30 years mirco$@&$ still wants me to pay for junk. I  just want something that works and adds value to my life.  I actually enjoy using a computer again.  My Mac has fast turn on, connects everywhere, no crashes, long battery life, no security issues, light weight, easy, easy os and application software upgrades, connects to my iphone and ipad, etc., etc., etc.,"
"I switched to a 2012 MacBook Air from a 2011 15"" MacBook Pro (2.0GHz Quad i7). I was nervous to make the switch because I did want something lighter, but didn't want to sacrifice the speed of my MacBook Pro. I purchased the 13.3"" which has the same resolution as the 15"" MacBook Pro, so I didn't lose on the realestate of the screen. I am very impressed with the speed and do not regret getting rid of my 15"" MBP one bit. The solid state drive makes up for the less powerful processor and graphics. The snappiness of the computer is tremendous. I would highly recommend the computer to anyone. One of the biggest problems with my MacBook Pro was the temperature. Sometimes you couldn't have it sitting on your lap because it got so hot. The MacBook Air stays nice and cool. You can sit with it on your lap in the summer without dying of heat."
"Let me start off by saying I've been a Windows user for 10+ years, and ""thought"" windows was the best out there and the easiest to use.  Ask me a day before I bought this computer, and I would swear nothing was better than Windows when it came to operating systems.  About a week after getting the system, and I'm seriously considering never buying a windows PC again.  If you are looking for your first mac then the MBA is perfect."
