"I'm a computer repair technician, and one issue I have all the time with my customers is, the famous, 'a virus hijacked my computer and those precious pictures are inside'. Yeah, the prom, the honeymoon, or the newborn pictures are usually held without ransom. Most of the time we are dealing with malware of some sort that affects the Windows operating system files, but leaves the data intact. So, before I repair the computer, I rescue the pictures, and any other file they might value. However, not all repair technicians do this, most allege that the files are corrupted, which might be the case, but usually it really means they are too busy to rescue anything, don't know how to do it, or will not do it unless paid big cash."
"Wow.  So many mixed reviews here, and like those of you who are pondering over whether it is worth purchasing this Western Digital MY PASSPORT, there may not be a clear answer."
This is my first experience with a Western Digital hard drive. I purchased the 1 TB Passport drive as opposed to others mainly because CNET awarded its Editors' Choice for the 2 TB model ( which was not available for sale when I placed my order).  I am currently using the WD SmartWare (version 1.5.4.5) that comes with loaded the device.
"I have had Western Digital My Passport drives since they came out with the 100GB Version.  I still have several older ones, but was looking for more space for work.  Of course, I jumped at the opportunity to own another.  Unfortunately, that was my mistake.  This is specific to the 1.5TB version"
Bought two of these and they both work just as expected.
I recently purchased this drive and was so disappointed with its performance. I had purchase a MY Essential Passport 1TB 2 months prior and expected the same kind of performance. A 1 hour backup on the older drive was taking more than 8 hours on this drive. I stopped the backup and I ran Atto benchmark on this drive. Out the box and it was rate at 25-30 MB/s which is USB 2.0 speed.
"The hard drive worked fine until it didn't.  It is dead after just a few months, thank goodness I keep extra digital copies of my photos.  I understand hard drives sometimes fail, but what is unacceptable is that western digitals customer service has been nonexistent.  I did the RMA through their website.  They specifically state to send the hard drive in with the RMA form and that it will not be accepted without the RMA form.  The RMA form would be sent to my email in 24-48 hours.  I receive the link and click on it; nothing.  I try again the next day still no RMA form.  I email customer service they say that they have new software that has been causing difficulties.  Ok, they are a technology company that can't install their own software, scary but I need this hard drive fixed/replaced so I wait.  I get another link, still doesn't work.  I try again the next day still doesn't work.  I email customer service, no response for over a week.  I go to their website and try to call them, no support on Saturdays so I email them.  This is the response:"
I exercised this little drive pretty hard and it performed. Here is what I did:
"i bought this device from amazon because i wanted a sleek ,portable and usb only powered external hard drive. i found my passport as the only option at the time (2011). after ordering the device and setting it up.my joy was cut short as the device only lasted for 2 months plus. i guess it crashed and i dunno if its restorable."
"Lasted a month, then stopped working. Still gets power but just buzzes and flashes; computer no longer recognizes it. Tried mounting it on multiple computers, different ports, both USB 2 and 3. Also, the USB cable connector is unreliable; move the drive slightly and it loses the connection. Nice paperweight."
"Let's face it. Computers break and hard drives fail. If you're like me, you have your entire music collection, countless photos, and important documents on your home computer. It's important to back up your files in at least one, if not two, places."
"I purchased this WD 1TB My Passport because I needed a backup drive. I knew Western Digital would be a good fit because Apple, in fact, used WD's My Passport as their recommended drive for some time (Labeled WD My Passport... for Mac and marked up to $129.00). guess what, the only difference is the formatting of the drive. This drive is $99.00 (cheaper in other colors), and the one ""for Mac"" was $129.00. That's Apple for you."
"As someone who has been backing up data for years, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that this 2TB unit does not require a separate power supply like older versions did (I still have one of those WDBook units that are quite large and require to be plugged to a power outlet) These days everything seems to be pointing to the cloud, but when you have data you have been keeping for years (I still have a few DVD folders filled with discs), you are talking about a size of data that may not be practical to upload somewhere to keep as a backup. Besides, the convenience of this unit is unbelievable, it is slightly larger than a Smartphone, so you can carry your data around if needed in a small and convenient case."
"I have used Western Digital products in the past and they've performed well but this particular product is not worth wasting your hard earned money. An extremely common problem that most people are having with this is that it locks itself up and then you are unable to extract any of the data that you've put on here. What makes this problem even worse is that the manufacturing company, Western Digital, does not give you any help in fixing the problem and their only suggestion is going to a Data extraction company that voids their warranty. So, if you're interested in purchasing this product, heed what I say and look for a different brand instead."
"After 6 years, my wife's computer crashed last week. It was so bad, you could hear the ""Thud"" downstairs. After ordering a new computer, we also ordered this 500 GB USB Passport to replace the 3 year-old Passport we used to back up her files (and some programs). Now she has a 500GB backup for a 250GB internal drive. (Her old Passport is now retired and in a safety deposit box.)"
Over the recent years I have purchased quite a number of these drives. I have a couple of USB 2.0 drives and about 12 of the USB 3.0 drives. They all performed flawlessly with my old computer. I purchased that computer in 2006 before these USB 3.0 drives existed and so the computer had only USB 2.0 ports. All the USB 3.0 drives worked perfectly in the computer with the USB 2.0 ports.
"I obtained a Western Digital My Passport 750 GB USB 3.0 external hard drive from Amazon. Overall, the drive is great and I would highly recommend it. The substantial caveat is that the Western Digital software is useless."
"This drive is very small and could fit into a man's shirt pocket.  It is a usb3 drive which makes the transfer of files very fast.  It uses the power from your usb port. You can plug it into a usb2 or usb3 port.  Please keep in mind that because it is powered by the usb port, that some older laptop computers cannot power some of the external hard drives that need power from them.  I have had this drive for several months and it gets a work out.  Because it has worked so well I purchased another.  I waited a few months to write this review to really test it.  Anyone can write a review of something that they just bought!  The second drive works just as well as the first.  Both drives are very quiet.  2TB of storage is quite impressive in such a small package.  Well done Western Digital.  This is a FIVE STAR product.  Art D  Long Island  N.Y."
"Let me make it clear that I like this product.  Its AFT that somebody came up with a 2TB portable, and it comes as no surprise that WD was the one to do it.  I like it so much that I now have three of them."
"Arthur C. Clarke said, not so many decades ago that ""any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic""."
"The hardware is OK, it runs fine, is quiet, and easy to hook up. The software is another issue. You would think that with all the hard drives that WD makes, they could write SW that is easy to use and understand. If you can get away with using 'drag and drop', DO THAT, the SW kinda sucks. The HW gets 5 stars, SW gets 2 stars. Oh yeah, I bought this @89.99, LESS than 24 hours later, the price DROPPED $10 and Amazon wouldn't help me out any......UPDATE  5/29/12  The WDSmartWare for this drive is absolute garbage, and to make it even worse is the fact that online or telephone support for it is WORSE. You can't even get a human being that speaks English clear enough to understand. I registered mine on the website....and when you go there to use the support, you end up being run around needlessly. I'm changing the star rating to 1."
Can't use it as a backup - drive will randomly disconnect every 10 seconds. When it is working it's copying at 20-30 MB/s. Apparently I got one of the million USB 2.0 cables (although it says USB 3.0 on it)
To use with Mac OS X you need to do the following steps:
"I bought this back in the middle of May and it is now the middle of September, so 4 months later, and it has already failed.  I used it as the main hard drive for editing photos in Lightroom on my laptop and I also used it to transfer files back and forth between my laptop and desktop (which runs on windows).  I carried it around in a case inside of a laptop bag, and I was very careful with it, making sure it didn't get banged around or anything.  So with totally normal use, after 4 months, it now doesn't communicate with either of my computers but it still lights up when plugged in and it makes a loud clicking sound."
"This product was advertised as a USB 3 compatible external hard drive. It will be recognized as such and windows will download drivers and tell you it's ready to use. Well, it isn't and your transfer will keep getting shut down. After several hours of trying I finally gave up and will have to use it's USB 2 capabilities. It really sucks that this item is advertised and sold as something that can run at USB 3 speeds but fails miserably, even with repeated installs."
"First off, the size of this drive is truly portable.  It measures a miniscule 3.24 in. x 4.37 in.  The thickness varies with the capacity with the largest 2 TB being only 0.82 in. thick.  On my windows 7 box installation was simply connect and use - as it should be.  My Passport comes loaded with about 300 MB of software which, much to my pleasure, it does not attempt to install automatically.  Included in the loaded software is a user's manual.  It is also very quiet and runs cool, there are no visible vents on the casing.  Another great feature is that it requires no separate power adapter - it runs off of the USB connection."
"Alright, first off I purchased this product because Western Digital is supposedly one of the biggest manufacturers when it comes to hard drives so I figured I couldn't go wrong and I steered clear of the Chinese Seagate drives. Shipping took a while to get here but there was no rush."
"This hard drive functions fine until it doesn't - both mine and my boyfriend's stopped working after 6 months - meaning any data that is not backed up elsewhere is lost. The company did swiftly send out new hard drives to each of us, but my second one broke, again, after about 6 months. The fact that they were so quick to replace our broken hard drives, and other reviews I have seen on this product, lead me to believe that we are not the only ones who experienced problems with this hard drive."
"It works well, but I am afraid that the build quality of the USB connector on the drive is flimsy. I'd avoid unplugging and replugging it often."
"I'm a Linux user and bought this drive based on past experience with an older WD Passport drive, which did what it said on the tin with no fuss... and I was very happy with it."
"Bought the device (2TB) mainly because of it's lightweight and sleek appearance. Read a few reviews prior to purchase and noticed that the majority of problems associated with the product was with it's wiring and how it cuts out a lot. I still bought it, but now I have the exact same problem."
"I've had this drive now for a couple of weeks, I put it through some tests before I set it up for what I really intend for it to be."
Bought the Western Digital My Passport 1TB USB 3.0 to go along with a Nexus 10 tablet as a gift.
"I have purchased two of these, one for work, and one for personal use. I have used the one at work with the backup software supplied with the product for a couple of years now. Hardware performance has been flawless; the drive appears to be well made and functional. I installed the backup software that comes with the drive on a Windows 7 system. It is supposed to back up new files and changes as they are saved, and it works most of the time. However, it is buggy and randomly fails to operate. Most frequent symptom is that it fails to recognize the backed-up files from the day before and shows no backup having been done. It locks up and does not work at all. I have been on the phone with the 30-day ""free"" help line once, but now my 30 days are up, so further help will require my employer to pay--probably not going to happen where I work. My recommendation is only buy this product if you are willing and able to find some other software solution to run your backup (like the one built into OS X, for example), or just manually back up your files as I do with the unit I purchased myself for personal use."
"I was really excited to add this enormous amount of storage to my mobile arsenal!  I have multiple OS's (Win7, Mac OS 10.8, Linux) so I wanted versatility and I especially liked the USB 3.0 connectivity."
"Regarding the Western Digital ""My Passport"" 320 GB External Drive: This is a nice little drive. I got it mainly to back up some files I've got on my MacBook Pro, and I only needed 320 GB. But from the moment I installed the WD software, strange thing started happening with my MacBook Pro. Just quirky little things, like freezing up my machine momentarily and slowing my machine down to a crawl for a bit - then returning it to normal. I'm not sure what it is about that software (I installed their ""Turbo"" software too), but once I uninstalled that software from my MacBook Pro, all was smooth sailing again.  There are some similar reports of this problem on some of the Mac forums as well. Now -- currently formatted as ""Mac OS Extended (Journaled)"" and after having ditched the WD software -- it's been working just fine for my Time Machine backups, and no hiccups."
"I use an external hard drive as one of three backup techniques (internal hard drive, external hard drive and networked attached storage). This was selected as a preemptive replacement for a"
"I have purchased this drive (the smallest, 320GB version) for transferring different files from different devices I have at home. I have no need for included software (I've erased all of it during the formatting) so I can't comment on this redundant fluff. From what I've tested, the drive performs pretty fast, especially when connected to USB 3.0 port (more than 2x transfer speeds compared to when it was connected to USB 2.0 port), and from that point I have no complains."
"Hi guys, this will be more of a heads up than a real review."
