"I have to say that I own a Lumia 920 and loved the simplicity of Windows Phone, coming from an Android device from a Galaxy that shall remain nameless. I heard about this phone and started thinking I don't need lossless zoom or any of that stuff. Then I went to the store and tried the camera. WOW was I impressed. Not only does it take better, sharper, clearer, more detailed photos than my Lumia 920. It blows the doors off my year old digital camera with a 20x Optical Zoom! I can not say enough good things about this phone, if you love taking pictures get it don't wait just get it. If you are not that big on taking pictures then it really isn't worth the money over the Lumia 920. I love the app selection, there is not a single app that I am missing from Android contrary to what they were telling me in the store that I went to. I have them all Instagram in the form of an awesome app called Instance, Facebook, Hulu Plus you name it most likely it is there. Again I LOVE LOVE LOVE my phone and won't trade it for anything out there."
Picked up the phone today replacing my already awesome (and still on contract) Lumia 920. It was unintentional purchase. Emotional purchase. A must have now purchase. Yeah one of those...
"The other day I visited a local violin shop and was reading boardfull of ads, standing in front of a wall in the shop, as I was searching for a violin instructor. Suddenly a thought came into my mind - 'Wait, why am I doing this?  All I have to do is to take a photo of the entire wall from a few steps back, go home, blow it up on my computer screen, and I can read even the finest fonts on the ads including contacts.'  Old habits die hard and I was not utilizing my new Lumia 1020 until this idea hit me!  So I did just that, and bingo, there was nothing I could not read at home, even though the photo was taken under dim light of the shop! (By the way this camera has xenon flash as well, but ISO 4000 did the trick without the flash.)"
"I have used my Nokia Lumia 1020 phone for only a few days; thus this is a an incomplete review.  I don't use many apps, thus I have had few issues with this Windows 8 phone.  I find it to be very stable, and have had no crashes.  Although the camera does not take as high quality photos as a DSLR, I actually get comparable results with the Nokia Lumia 1020 and a mid range Canon Coolpix camera that I have used.  Portraits are clear and with good detail, and reasonable reproduction of colors.  The ease with which settings such as EV, ISO, shutter speed, white balance, and etc. can be manually adjusted is amazing.  I love this feature.  You get to see approximately how the photo would look before taking the photo.  Using this camera can actually help people learn more about photography, and may improve their skill using manual controls on a DSLR camera.  There is also a good tutorial built into the phone which explains the effects of manually adjusting each setting, including sample photos to practice with.  In general, it is difficult to get decent results with this camera using an ISO above 800.  In my opinion, the ISO settings of 1,600 and 3,200 are essentially useless.  However, getting acceptable photos at ISO 800 is good for a point and shoot camera, and outstanding for a camera in a cell phone.  I have been able to take good point and shoot quality photos in what I would consider to be good as well as moderate light conditions without the flash.  I have gotten some reasonable photos in fairly low light, using the flash.  In general, I have gotten significantly better results using this camera, than the Lumia 920, and my friend's Samsung Galaxy S4, especially in reduced light, both with and without the flash.  The lossless zoom works well, better than traditional digital zoom, although in general it is not as good as optical zoom, as there is some loss of detail."
"I picked up this phone as a replacement for my Lumia 920. Let me get one thing out of the way: the camera for this phone is phenomenal. The oversampling from 41 MP to 5 MP is really something you have to see to believe. Colors come out great and there's TONS of detail saved in each picture. The software with it is nice as well, allowing you to not only set up the shot while taking it, but edit it to your heart's content afterward. The high resolution of the pictures allows for easy cropping after the fact, so you don't have to be too physically close to the subject."
"If you are weary as to why this phone costs $300, Let me explain. This phone has 32 Gigs of storage, the same amount that the Iphone 5 32 Gig has (Obviously) which also costs $300. The big camera on the back isn't cheap to make either. A friend of mine, who is a professional photographer, said his $2000 Cannon only shoots 22 Megapixels, which is just more then half of the 1020's. He said this phone is a steal for the price of $300. Also don't forget that pretty much all the specs on this baby are higher then the Iphone 5's (Screen Size, Pixel Density, Microphone, Ram, The screen itself, etc.). So in other words, please do yourself a favor and don't let the price stop you from getting this fantastic phone."
The camera quality if just wow!  The camera takes very very good photos even on auto settings.  I love the fact that I can take a regular picture and then zoom in later and crop what I want.  It's truly amazing.  Nokia did an excellent job of putting this level of photo capability into a smartphone.
"I pre-ordered but it took longer than expected to get mine, so I tried it out in the store with their glass dome demo. To be honest I wasnt impressed with the camera all that much. It was placed in the darkest ugliest corner of my AT&T; store so there wasn't much to photograph. When I finally recieved my device with the camera grip I was blown away with every picture I took."
"I had the Lumia 920 and went ahead and upgraded to the 1020 once it came out because this is what I really switched from Sprint to AT&T; for (i.e., a Windows Phone 8 version of the Nokia 808). So far I haven't been disappointed and I doubt I will be. What really made me switch was comparing the 920 to the 1020 in store. I already loved my 920 but when I saw the imaging/zooming capabilities of the 1020 I was sold."
"This phone is simply amazing. The camera is my favorite camera I've ever owned and I have a Canon Digital SLR too. The ~40MP image has to be seen to understand it. You can make out such tiny details in images when you zoom in that it is crazy. The thing that makes it such a great camera is that it is attached to a portable computer too. The other apps like the smart cam app can do some amazing processing (not just lame filters) to create cool composite shots, or to remove people that are moving in the background. I love that it comes in yellow too. If you like taking pictures at all, you will love this phone."
"First off, let me say. This phone is amazing. It's lightning quick, never hangs on any tasks and consistently gets the best benchmark when I test it on any of the benchmarking apps available on the marketplace. Oh yea, and the camera is otherworldly, I will never need to bring my point and shoot camera with me again..."
"This is a great phone, as was the 900 it replaced,"
"Everyone should give this phone a try, the camera and software integration is superb, windows a breeze to use and smooth as silk....getting lots of comments and questions from people at work about the phone, highly recommended."
When I got the L1020 reminded me of the feeling that I had when I first got my Galaxy S2. Back then it was my first smartphone and comming from feature phones eveything just felt so new and awsome and I was so proud of it... This is the first time since then that I had that same feeling with a phone. Just in love with my Lumia 1020 :)
