I am reviewing the
"LG knocks the other smartphones into the dust with the Optims G quad core phone. Atter about a month,  I can tell you:"
The optimus G is almost everything it claims to be.
"Just got this phone as my 2 year upgrade. Read a lot on this one and others on sites like Engadget, Cnet, etc. And wow, this phone is everything as advertised. The feel of the phone is great, and the screen is fantastic looking at only half brightness. The speed at which you can switch between apps and screens is very impressive, and web pages load incredibly quickly, even on just 3G. On WiFi its even better. The battery life thus far has impressed me, it is much better than my old HTC Evo Shift. Plus the nice thing about the Sprint version, is there is virtually no carrier bloatware, except for Sprint ID which is actually useful for managing your account. The memory is about 25gb due to whatever space the OS takes up, so its not a full 32gb, but should be plenty."
"So I've owned a Galaxy S3, Evo 4g LTE, iphone 4s, galaxy nexus, Galaxy Victory, to name a few. I buy and sell phones a lot, but I usually try the phone out and see if I like it."
"Due to my uncle getting nailed for over 250 a month in bills and the third person not helping with payments at all, we had to make the switch from Verizon to Sprint, this is my second time coming to Sprint so I was very familiar with their contracts and plans. When doing so, I wanted to do my research and see which phone would do it for me before we went out to do the switching of our accounts. After comparing specs, I decided to look at the LG Optimus G. Now LG has a reputation for making shoddy cell phones, so it was to my surprise that this phone had specs better than the Samsung Galaxy S3 in terms of sheer processing power, and doubly surprising that I was even considering an LG product in the first place as I know that in the past their phones really did suck."
"Pros:Fast, very pretty screen, quad core, NFC is neat, 13MP camera. All things that are great and why I would recommend the phone."
"I have had this phone for only a few days (i had switched from the HTC One V)and i must say, i am impressed! I mean it could be better, but my dream phone isn't really feasible(a phone that would be able to appear out of nowhere and it could fly in the air and turn into a laptop and answer my thoughts). But never the less, this is a really enjoyable phone to have!"
Overall I'm very satisfied although I have only had the phone for about a week. It is extremely quick and runs smooth. I checked out and compared other phones before I purchased this one and it seemed to be the best out of all for the price. The screen is super clear and the color contrast is excellent. Its quad core so programs seem to flow. The speaker quality is nice for the speaker phone and ear phone. The speaker phone is really loud you can understand the words through it. The UI is pretty easy to get use to. It also has 32 gigs of memory.
"Case: Sturdy and substantial.  I think I can drop it and not have the screen crack, haven't tried it. 9/10"
I have had 2 entry level Android phones and knew I would one day take the plunge and get a nice phone.  This one was a great choice.
"""Lets first talk about the use of ""Corning Glass"" that makes up both the front and back of this phone."" Corning is a American Company and has been outfitting NASA for years. They also make that material that photosensors the sun within your Transition Lenses. So therefore, you can see this Screen in most any condition which is a huge plus! This screen is huge, a little bulky but more than easy to read, clear and crisp and you get to pick the automative transitions. On all the complaints that you cannot access battery and no micro sd card, what were they thinking? LG is cutting edge and thinks about Engineering first. This is a solid phone, nothing to get into it such as a unfriendly user. With 32 gigs of RAM, you don't need any SD Card. But they do sell those weird mini USB port plugins with internal SD if you must. The speed of this phone is all you have ever needed. I live in a rural area and have never gotton 4G signals. I rely upon normal 3G Speed but its that quad core processing power that is more than impressive, its top in its class."
"I bought this at local Bestbuy, not on Amazon."
"this phone still had some lag and the keyboard was just not easy to get used to. If speed is a concern, I would go with something like the HTC One"
This phone is my baby and I love it deeply. However with every person there are faults.
I'd like to echo the 4 and 5 star reviews for this phone. It is excellent. It smoothly flicks through screens and launches apps very quickly.
"First off, the display is absolutely stunning. Text is very sharp, colors really stand out as well. I haven't made too many calls with this phone yet, and they were average quality. However, my house has awful coverage. Next, this phone has to be one of the fastest phones out there. The quad core processor will blow your mind. Battery life is also good. You will be able to get a day at a minimum with moderate to heavy use. The design is really nice, looks very professional and is thin and light. However, this phone is very slippery so you might want to get a case for extra grip. The camera is very good, but I was expecting more out of a 13 megapixel camera. It performs more like an 8 megapixel, which isn't too shabby. The on screen keyboard is easy to use because of the large 4.7 inch display. This size is perfect for me, it is nice and big but will still fit in the pocket. Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich is nice, but I am looking forward to the Jelly Bean update. 32 gb of storage is very good, however it is not expandable memory. (There is no sd card slot.) This doesn't bother me, but for the people that use a ton of memory on their phone, you might want to look at other devices. The bottom line is this phone is awesome. You will not regret buying it, and I strongly recommend it."
"I am a technology skeptic.  I do not believe any hype.  This phone exceeded my expectations for performance, ease of use, battery life and functionality.  I highly recommend this phone."
"I persuaded my mother and brother, as well as myself, into purchasing this phone late in December. I came from the original HTC Evo, and it is an amazing graceful difference. It's like having your first smarthpone, and that the Evo was just a nice regular phone. Anyways, the only phones in competition with this was the Galaxy S III, and I guess the next closest was the HTC Evo 4G LTE, although not really. Let me just say, that this was easily the best specced phone on the market. With a Snapdragon 400 pro, pumping out 1.5GHz on a quad-core configuration, it has never even came remotely close to stuttering on me. Throw in the fact  that this was the only phone available on Sprint with 2GB of RAM and a quad-core processor and a 13MP Camera, and there was no way we were going to get a different phone. I did not purchase this off of Amazon, but Best Buy instead, getting it half off, so I got them for $100 each. Fast forward half a year, and I personally believe that this is still a top 3 phone on Sprint. Only to be overpowered by the Galaxy S IV and the HTC One, it still is an amazing phone. Plus, it's not even heavily overpowered. They both share a Snapdragon 600 Pro, at 1.9GHz, only besting the OG (Optimus G) by .4GHz. They share the Adreno 350 graphics processor, and both share the 40% faster charge times( Courtesy of the Snapdragon 400, 600, and 70% increase on the 800). the SIV and the OG both share a 13MP camera, although the Samsung does have a better sensor, while the HTC has a 4MP with a great sensor that performs especially well in the dark. The battery life on this phone isn't anything special, but that's a good thing. I have never had it die on me in a single day. In fact, I've probably only been under 25% like 4 or 5 times. Although, I do have a few quirks with the phone."
"I really love this phone! It's big enough for me to see what I'm trying to read...I even read Kindle books on it. It's great! It took awhile to get here because they were on back order but it got here all in one piece and I love it's quick responsiveness and love the camera on it. It takes great pictures and there are thousands of free apps and games you can try and download. It also has plenty of room for all the music you could ever want to add to it. Only thing is, the battery runs low quite quickly if you are using it for anything other than making and receiving phone calls and texts. I haven't found a smart phone yet though, that has great battery life. One thing I love about this phone is the great reception that I get with it. Even way out in the country it seems to have the power and reception that I need everywhere without fail. I give it 5 stars. It's the best smart phone I have ever used."
"Upgraded from the first iteration of the HTC Evo 4G, this phone is a whole other level. The speed is phenomenal compared to other phones I've test-driven (Including the Galaxy S3) Feels dense in the hand, but the device overall is rather light (basically, much lighter and thinner than my fat-pack battery Evo, but heavier than the G-S3). It seems almost like a fake phone you see in some futuristic movie; it is just too thin and fast to be real right now. The screen brightness is amazing even turned down to 40% (to save battery).  Speaking of battery, I'm still full into ""new toy"" mode and this piece of tech and it is still lasting all day on a charge for me.  I was concerned for the lack of an SD expansion, but there are 32 gigs of storage already onboard and lately it seems that quite a large portion of what I would have stored on the phone is being handled by various sync'ing, streaming and cloud-data services."
I love this phone!
I love this phone. Better than all expectations. Super fact quad-core processor allows you run multiple apps. HD camera with 13mp.
"I love this phone. Honestly, I was a little concerned about the size when I first got it, but it only took about a day to get used it. Now, I think it's strange to use a smaller phone. The camera is amazing, it's actually better than the real camera that I have. The battery life is decent; as long as you aren't downloading a million things it'll get you through the day. I haven't had any trouble getting service, and the internet is really quick. My ONE annoyance (and it's super small), is that I can't set the volume to an 'alarm only' setting. There's quiet time, which says that it will only play the alarm between certain hours, but for some reason I can't get it to work. I can only get it to vibrate (and I won't wake up if my alarm is only vibrating), or everything makes noise (which isn't too big of a problem since I rarely get calls in the middle of the night). It may be something I'm doing wrong, so don't let that change your mind. I'd recommend it to anyone."
This phone is a must have. I like everything about it. I have no complaints. I did a full research before buying it. And i have to say its better than the current htc and Samsung phones besides the Note2.
The LG Optimus G from Sprint is just what I was looking for in a smartphone.  It meets all of my requirements which are:
"I have now had my LG Optimus G phone for over a week and will say I love it. It feels great in the hand and got it protected with a diztronic cover here at Amazon and it fits great, plus the price was really good. I just let go of my HTC Evo which drove me batty. Love the solid feel in my hand, the look, the fast processor and this is in 3g for LTE has not come up here to the NW so man this baby will really download and upload fast when LTE hits town (hopefully soon).  The camera is nice and still learning on it. Love that you do not have to press a button just say Cheese, LG, kimchi, (it is a Korean phone) and a couple of other words and it snaps away. Like that even at night it takes pics without the blare of flash so you do not get that washed out look. Love the screen for it does not have the super bright super colored screen of G III and the colors look much more natural. It can get bright but keep it at around 70% and like that they protected it with Gorilla glass II."
Very bad camera. I bought it thinking the 13 megapixels would just be a huge improvement on my 5 mp HTC Shift.
Ive gad this pjone for about two months and i wish i would have gotten something different. About to break this p.o.s. don't buy!
This phone has a glass screen that cracks with the slightest amount of pressure.  And it's no where in the league of quality has the leading products like iPhone or Samsung.  The phone becomes completely unfunctional.
