"I've been an iPad user since the original came out. I also have an iPad 3. I have worked in IT for the past few years so I would say I am pretty good with technology and fancy new devices. With that introduction out of the way, I will be reviewing key points that I have seen touched upon in other reviews. Here goes..."
"I purchased the original Kindle Fire on release day last year.  It served me pretty well but was extremely glitchy.  It would freeze, restart and stutter while playing games.  For what it was, an entry level device, it wasnt bad."
Hello- This is taken from the perspective of a very dire hard Apple/iPad fan. Here goes.
"Many shoppers will weigh buying either this device, or the more expensive iPad Mini. I picked up a Mini on launch day, so here is a short comparison. If you are picking up a tablet to be your primary computing device, the Mini wins hands down because of the larger screen, wider selection of apps, smoother interface, more accurate keyboard, much better cameras, access to iTunes content, better physical button design, and a more complete software stack--useful things like notifications, AirPlay to your TV, Find my iPad, dictation, remote wiping, automatic encryption of data, and a better browser. The Fire HD has a more pixel dense screen, which shows up in beautiful text rendering, and a more appropriate thumb sized bezel making it more comfortable to hold over long sessions. Both fit in a cargo pants' pocket, have access to Amazon content--Amazon gives away both a Video and a Kindle app on the iTunes Store--have good battery life, and have bright screens with good color reproduction. If the tablet will be infrequently used, or will be used almost exclusively for a fixed set of tasks, such as watching Netflix, reading books, or watching Amazon videos, then the lower priced Fire HD becomes more tempting. Apple makes it difficult to purchase Amazon content on an iPad--you have to leave the Kindle or Amazon Video app and use the browser for purchases--whereas it's almost too easy to buy content on a Fire."
"This is my first Fire, so please bear in mind that I cannot contrast/compare to the Kindle Fire (traditional). I have numerous other Kindle e-readers, and work with numerous other Android and Apple tablets on a regular basis."
"I love my kindle fire HD, so I just wanted to add another five star review here.  As long as you understand what you are getting, it is a five star product.  It is not a replacement for your laptop or even an ipad (despite Amazon's misguided marketing tactics that suggest otherwist).  I would rather my tools to be very, very good at doing one thing than mediocre at doing several.  The Kindle Fire HD is excellent as a media consumption device, which is exactly what I want.  Having FUN.  You can write emails and set up calendars; it works, but you will be more efficient on your laptop.  You can read a million reviews completely walking through this device, so I will just put my biggest pro and biggest con here:"
"First: I love it. It's almost too much fun. I go to read, but wind up watching a movie. There are so many choices, I get distracted. For the money, for its intended purposes, assuming you understand what it does and doesn't do, it's the best deal you can get. It's an entire entertainment system in one affordable compact package.  As a reader, it's great, although adjusting it to the level of brightness that suits you is a bit of trial and error. It's easy to adjust, but my eyes are picky. For just plain reading, my older 2nd gen Kindle is easier."
"In comparing this HD Fire to the ""regular"" $159 Fire, I would have to say I prefer this one over the $159 from a usability standpoint: is that differential worth $40 more?  That's your call.  I think so, as you have more functionality, better screen resolution, and much better WiFi in addition to the usual well as whistles and bells. To sum up what I will tell you about in the details below, for just $199 you are getting one heck of a deal on a tablet computer - especially if you compare it to the $199 for the first-generation Fire (that didn't have HD) this one is replacing and the $500 or more you can spend on a Wi-Fi version of the iPad. Overall, if you consider the price and the functionality I think this is an outstanding tool / toy. My review below compares a lot of the features of this version of the Fire to the original Fire, but also some of the features for a first-time user."
"I purchased the Kindle Fire HD a few days after it came out and I liked it well enough.  However, it became my true companion and best friend this past week during the aftermath of hurricane Sandy, and I have a new appreciation for this awesome device!"
"When I first heard about the Kindle Fire HD, I knew it was an upgrade I was going to make.  The main feature I was looking forward to was the new screen.  The idea of the touchscreen being directly on top of the LCD and a polarizing filter on the screen seemed perfect for a Tablet that was also going to be an e-reader.  I really never buy anything expecting a perfect experience or downright horrible experience.  I guess you could say I was expecting a 4-Star experience.  Shortly after opening the box I felt like I was dealing with a 3-Star device and unfortunately over the next few hours I realized I could not consider this device more than a 2-Star device."
I bought this from my local BestBuy.  I was very excited because I loved the first one.
I have been reading reviews of the new KFHD. I have never owned the original Fire since I wanted to wait for a newer edition to emerge with more GB and here it is!
"First, let me say that I am an avid Kindle user and have been from the days of Kindle 1. Over the years since the first Kindle, I have purchased vast quantities of Kindle books. Currently, I own 5 Kindles (6 with the Fire HD). They are: the Kindle 1 (by far the best display of all the later e-ink kindles with an SD card slot and a user replaceable battery, which later editions omitted), returned a Kindle 2 for display issues, kept a Kindle 3 (Keyboard), own 2 Kindle touches, the original Fire, and now the Fire HD. All are used by my family. So when I ordered the KF-HD it was with high expectations of really wanting to love this thing. I use the original Fire all the time and love it. Here's what I found about the new Kindle Fire HD:"
"I own and have previously used a regular Kindle for reading, which I preferred using over traditional paperbacks. The Fire HD, remarkably, is even BETTER to read from - which came as a surprise to me, since I assumed it would not match the reading experience of the regular Kindle. I find the bright screen of the Fire HD to be marvelous to read from. I experience no glare, and can read for prolonged periods of time with no issues whatsoever. The screen can be read in any lighting condition, since it's so bright. For some people, it will be a tad TOO bright, but I believe you can adjust this in the settings."
"The Kindle Fire HD 7"" is a powerful and appealing device which promises a satisfying experience and an exceptional value, but fails to deliver.  I wanted to like the Fire HD because it comes with lots of features to enjoy, but ultimately, the tablet delivers an irritating and frustrating experience.  I was initially attracted to the device for several reasons: competitive price, integrated with Amazon Cloud and Prime, convenient size, and a brilliant screen.  On all these points the Kindle delivers.  However, the overwhelming ads are intrusive and obnoxious, the lack of apps and other key features such as an independent calendar and notepad is significant, and the ultimate deal breaker for me is the Fire's inability to add my audiobooks that I did not purchase directly from Amazon."
"By now if your looking on this page you're at least thinking you want the Kindle Fire HD. The main question you should ask yourself is do you shop or buy from amazon. If the answer is yes, buy it. If you don't, then buy something else. It's pretty much as easy as that. I don't understand all these people that buy the Fire HD to ""try it out"" and complain that it takes the Fire 4.5888888 seconds longer to load a screen than the nexus or ipad. Can you really not wait a total of 5 extra seconds for a device to load a page? I think if that is a deal breaker for you, perhaps you have bigger problems at hand. There is really nothing that I found that I can complain about with this tablet, I'm owned several kindles over the years and I loved the 1st fire which i recently sold once I ordered this one. Many people have already stated the improvements and I agree 100% with what other reviewers have said. This is my first Kindle also with the ""Ads"" on the device and I must say, it's not nearly as annoying as I had thought it was going to be. I also like the whole ""customers have also bought"" section on the home screen as it gives you other items that you may like. My book wish list is quickly filling up thanks to that tricky little feature. As others have said, the screen is amazing. Watching a film in HD, hell I think the picture is better than my 3 year old Toshiba HDTV. The built in speakers do sound better than any other speakers on any device I have heard, however I still mostly use headphones while watching movies or videos on it. Again, its a great device, there is nothing I can complain about here. The fact that for under $300 I have a HD tablet with case and charger is pretty much amazing. Listen to the people that actually like the Fire HD and shop with amazon. Ignore all these fanboys that just make a review to give it a 1-star rating."
"OUT-OF-BOX ""WOWs"":"
"Ok, I am a ipad owner. I also had about 3 different kindles. I was torn between the paperwhite or the fire HD. Since I am a avid reader I was drawn towards the paperwhite, but it seemed quite expensive for just a reader. I looked a little bit deeper in the fire HD and discovered it was exactly what I needed."
Update (9.21.12)
"I tried it.  I really did.  I gave it lots of chances, but in the end, we had to part ways.  This new Fire HD  does not hold a candle to the performance of my original Fire.  This HD version is tailored to meet Amazon's needs, not the customer's.  I don't  know what Amazon was thinking when they thought putting ads for books and items on my homescreen was a good idea.  Don't need to tell me what I like.  I already know what I like.  That aside, my cloud took forever to load..,, therefore, forever to access whatever I wanted to use.  It was disappointing, at best.  Hoping Amazon goes back to what works.  In the meantime, am loving my Gen 1 Kindle Fire."
"OK, I sold my Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9"" - which I loved - because I played with a friends Kindle Fire and really liked it - though it had a few issues I wasn't so crazy about. But then the Kindle Fire HD 7"" came out a few weeks ago, or so, and I grabbed one. Love it!! With a few minor things on the down side."
"What can I say?  The new Kindle Fire HD 7"" had such high expectations.  I watched Bezos' news conference and was very excited.  Bought one the day of release.  I have an original Kindle Fire and, while realizing its weaknesses versus an iPad, I am very happy with it, especially with the price.  I will continue to use and even buy more books.  The increased screen resolution in the new Kindle Fire HD is not really of interest to me.  I don't watch movies or TV shows on a 7"" screen.  One big improvement: the sound volume.  The original Kindle Fire has an incredibly low maximum volume level through the speakers.  Headphones, however, are fine."
"Well, I finally did it! After over a year of research, debating back and forth, and just plain ol' procrastinating, I finally bought a tablet and my choice was the Kindle Fire HD 7. Now that I have owned it for about a month I am ready to write my review."
"I purchased the Kindle Fire HD after returning a Lenovo Idea Pad. I have also had experience with iPads. Having said that, the Kindle Fire HD is an exceptional value for the money. The screen is FANTASTIC. Glare is kept to a minimum, colors a bright and vibrant, text is clear and easily read, movies look phenomenal in HD. Also, the sound quality and volume is bar-none for a device this size. The touch screen is responsive and shortcuts like tapping, double tapping, and pinch zoom work great. The size, weight and thickness are great for portability. It is easily slipped into the interior pocket of a jacket and takes up little room in a backpack. The weight and size makes it easy to hold with just one hand and the rubberized back panel is great for grip. The amazon store provides an almost unlimited supply, of books, movies, tv shows, music, magazines, and newspapers that is only improved with a subscription to amazon prime."
"I put some serious thought into whether or not I was going to buy the Kindle Fire HD.  I researched all competition and spent hours weighing the pros and cons.  For those of you who are trying to fight between the iPad mini, Nexus, and this tablet, here are the things that made my decision for me."
"I read most of the critical remarks about the Kindle Fire HD like the petty complaints of friends on dating sites: everybody has their expectations, and they criticize the product not so much for what it is, but more for what it isn't. Who really cares if the Fire HD is a gram heaver or lighter than the competition, a millisecond faster or slower, a micron thinner or fatter?"
THE BAD NEWS
"I did quite a bit of research before I purchased this item, and I decided that I would give it a shot. It came out of the box decently charged, and once I got everything set up I was eager to look around and discover some goodies. I downloaded the Twitter and Facebook apps, which look AMAZING on the display, but my favorite social networking app (Tumblr) was nowhere to be found. I decided to just log on using Silk and found that I couldn't type anything into the login fields. After some quick Googling, I found out that I simply needed to restart the Kindle. That took care of THAT problem easily enough..."
I don't go more than day without using the kindle fire hd. I absolutely love this device.
"Although I loved my 2nd Edition Kindle, I was torn between purchasing an iPad, Android tablet and Kindle Fire. I somehow thought the Kindle Fire would just be for reading like my old Kindle. Well, I was wrong."
"I just received my Kindle Fire HD yesterday, so I may update this review if I discover anything else."
"I pre-ordered the 32GB HD on September 24.  As promised it was delivered on October 25!  I was thrilled to get this shiny new toy on the day of release!  I had the previous Kindle Fire and was looking for the extra storage space for content.  The timing was perfect because I am going out of the country at the end of October for a month and looked forward to hours of entertainment from my 32 gigs of storage.  THEN things went bad.  I set it up and things seemed okay.  I downloaded all of my travel docs, many movies, and hours of Amazon prime purchased television.  IT WOULDN'T WORK!  I got continuous error messages that the screen was not responding and it needed to close. About half of my purchased books would not show up.  The internet was dreadfully slow.  It was a mess!  At 7am EST October 26 I called customer service for help.  After 3 phone calls and no real tech-support I said, ""Send me a new one tomorrow.  I'm leaving to go out of the country and this purchase was specifically for my trip"".  She ask me to try re-registering my device (as a last ditch effort).  I did, and as soon as it turned back on the screen froze up - again!"
March 31 2013 update -
I'm very pleased with my KFHD. I've really enjoyed getting to know its capabilities. It's a tool so be patient and allow some serious playtime to unleash all your KFHD can do for you.
I like this product and using it with Amazon Prime.
"I couldnt wait to upgrade to the fire HD. The device was impressive: quality screen, fast wifi, HMDI port..."
"When I purchased my Kindle Fire HD in December 2012, it was my first experience with e-readers.....so this review might help other folks who are not familiar with e-reading and who might be hesitant about purchasing their first reader tablet.  Here's my e-reader experience so far:"
