An exemplary show of quality and capability at a reasonable price.
").  As in my other reviews I will focus on the music experience as I use my Motorola T305 for hands free calling.  After pairing this unit with my Droid X, I evaluated it for sound quality, ease of use, and comfort."
"Since there are a few in depth reviews floating around, I'll just highlight some of the things that struck me after use:"
"First let me say that I've tried almost EVERY stereo bluetooth headset ever made - Moto, Sony, Sennheiser, Plantronics, Jabra - all of them. I've been using Stereo BT headsets for probably 5 or 6 years, ever since A2DP and AVRCP came out (the technology that connects BT things to other things, for music). In other words, I'm VERY hard to please. These units from LG have proved to be the best, and I can't see ever getting anything else. And yes, I have a wandering eye when it comes to technology. Let me explain why I think these are the best, for me:"
"I bought these to block out the yakkers on the train, and they work well to that end."
"After literally years of searching for a bluetooth stereo headset I've finally found a pair that I didn't immediately hate. In fact I like these headphones a lot. I've been using the HBS-700s for the past few days switching back and forth between my pc and my phone for listening to music on my work commute and at night when I'm laying in bed watching movies or catching up on teevee shows. Hearing the ADR and Foley audio from my favorite shows with new ears has been an interesting listening experience to say the least. The wireless range on these headphones is also surprising. I've walked around the house listening to music from my computer while making something to eat or doing dishes in the kitchen at the other end of the house (some 30+ feet away with walls that make even wi-fi difficult). The battery life seems great so far. I haven't had them power off on me yet and charging them while I'm in the shower seems to be good enough to last through several hours of music and movies. I could probably charge them every other day and still not run out of juice. The playback controls are easily accessible and after a couple hours of use they were already burned into my muscle memory. I am a bit worried that eventually the earbud wires might become damaged or become detached from the neckband, but I'm guessing that with care they won't be damaged for quite some time. One thing to note is that I have yet to use them for making or receiving phone calls so I have no idea how the call quality is. I'm not sure why exactly, but I prefer to actually hold a phone to my ear when I'm talking rather than taking the schizophrenic route and making it appear like I'm talking to myself."
- Light
The pros:
"Of the last couple of Bluetooth headsets I've owned and used, this is the best yet. Pairs easily and quickly with my iPhone 4. Produces a clear, quality sound stream within a reasonable distance from the phone and is VERY comfortable to wear. Putting all the electronics in a neckless design is GENIUS and keeps the weight off your ears and head and totally elimiinates the Star Wars Lobot appearance of the other units (and the associated weird stares). Using magnets to dock the earbuds at the ends of the neckless part is brilliant too, keeping tangling to an absolute minimum."
"This headset is the best BT device I've ever owned. Love them. They're awesome for when you hit the gym. I haven't had any issues with them falling off. Only time I've had issues is with crunches but then I just turn them around to the front of my neck. Audio is fantastic for both listening to music/videos and for phone calls. Just be wary when using in th car, you won't hear anything else but the music or call. The ear buds pretty much kill any ambient/background sound."
"The headphones seemed to work well, however, in less than 6 weeks (just past the return window) one of the ear buds broke in two.  I sent the headphones to LG for replacement under the one year warranty and they refused.  Shipped it back to me and cited CUSTOMER ABUSE.  I called and got no assistance from Customer Service even when escalated to a manager.  They said the plastic ear buds were not covered under the warranty and it was not a defect of manufacturing.  Unbelievable!"
"I loved this headset, that is until it stopped working properly.  After only a month, it now constantly disconnects while playing audio on my iphone 4.  It will immediately reconnect but then I usually have to go back in and start the audio again manually.  I am going to try and contact LG since Amazon won't cover it after a month."
"I wear this at work, meaning I wear it for about 40-48 hours a week. I use it for listening to podcasts and lectures."
"The issue of battery life has not been a problem. Have had in play for 6 hours straight hours, and standby for at least 4 more and had plenty left. The only drawback I can see with this set is that it may not be quite sweat proof enough for heavy workouts, have worn it while on tread mill, with no problem, I just wipe it off when I get through using, but LG could make it more water resistant, Like the Philips headsets, even if they had to charge more for it.If LG would do this one thing they may have the best on the market. It is well worth the Price, I have paid more for other headsets that in no-way, can compare to this LG HBS 700. I do not believe you can do better for the price than what this headset brings to the table, even those headsets costing much more."
I bought these January 5th 2012. Returned them to LG repair center in Texas in March 2012. The left speaker was considerably lower in volume than the right. Returned for service with Amazon receipt and RMA. The headset was returned to me UN-REPAIRED with a letter stating Amazons receipt was not a valid receipt.
I'd like to post my review and images once I can get them up of the LG Mobile HBS-700 Stereo Bluetooth headset.
"I work in a warehouse pulling orders and driving a forklift all day, and I like to listen to news and audio books while working.  I've had a couple of Jawbone models and many pairs of corded headphones/ear-buds by Apple, Phillips, and Sony.  Problems with all of these include difficulties keeping the cord out of my way while working, volume levels too weak for loud noise environments, problems with the buds staying in my ears, and poor battery life.  This model corrects all of these deficiencies."
"I needed something that would allow me to listen to music and take a call if needed when I'm out enjoying the open road on my motorcycle. This works great while wearing a helemet and is easy to control blindly by touch. Also, the btry life is very good.. went all day and didn't drain the btry. All in all, a great device!"
"My headset stop working after three weeks.  I sent it back to LG for  repair . They would not fix. Instead  Sent back to me for customer abuses .  The reason sweat may have caused the malfunction. So this devise is not good for use in a gym, riding a bike, going for walks pretty much anything that makes you sweat. The whole return process was just a ordeal for me. LG is not big on returning customers. They are very unsympathetic and act like there products don't break. This product is very poorly built. I am very disappointed in LG. Never again will i purchase anything thats LG. I'm spreading the work buyers beware ."
"I got these as an alternative to the Plantronics backbeats I had been using.  On the backbeats, the bulk of the units rests behind your ears, and on these, only the buds come up to your ears.  In theory they Tone would be more comfortable.  They are but the Tone is lopsided wieghtwise so one side tends to slip down, which shortens the wire on that side and makes the bud pull out of you ear if you turn your head."
"This is an outstanding bluetooth device that I enthusiastically endorse, but it is not without some minor flaws."
"I bought this on a whim based on the massive number of stellar reviews.  Despite that, it's better than I expected. The sound is outstanding, much better than my Motorola S9.  It is remarkably comfortable.  The headset itself weighs next to nothing and on top of that, it's resting on your shoulders.  The controls are well sized and easy to operate.  In particular, with a sliding on/off switch you can tell at a glance which it is and also turn it off without looking and also reliably turn it on or off while you're wearing it."
"I work all day on the phone as an Executive Recruiter and as such it is vital that my outgoing voice sound clear and un-mechanical.  In the past I have always worn an over-the-head or over-the-ear headset.  After many hours, the weight of them annoys me."
This product is not as advertised! IT IS NOT WATER RESISTANT ! I wore this LG Tone bluetooth under a hoodie while running in cold weather and it fried it.
"DON'T BUY this product. If you ever lose a 25 cent earbud or have you cat eat it, your expensive Headset BECOMES WORTHLESS because, to quote LG:"
I have gone through at least 5 bluetooth headsets and numerous wired headsets and have never been very satisfied with any of them - until this one.  Here are the great things about it:
"Everything from poor sound, call quality and or short battery life."
I purchased these from a different online retailer durning the holiday sales frenzy due to them being cheaper with a promo..
"I never wrote a bad review in my life. LG headphone is lucky to be my first one. If no star is given possible, I'd like to give it ZERO star."
"I've used many stereo bluetooth headsets for listening to podcasts and taking calls over the years. The wiREVO HSH200 was great but they are no longer available. My boyfriend and I have tried just about every other headset available since loosing the wiREVO. One word sums them up: RUBBISH!  The Altec Lansing Backbeat 906 was the worst of them. The only controls it supported were volume + start/stop (one button for voice, another for music). It was useless for listening to audio while snowboarding or bicycling.  It wasn't even acceptable for use while wandering in the woods. If I didn't hold the iPhone flat in the palm of my hand while walking the dog audio would drop out every couple seconds. I put up with it for too long."
"I have had 3 other bluetooth headsets before I was selected to test out the new LG TONE stereo headset, and here's what I think about it.  I love it!!  It fits into my active life perfectly!!!  I am a mom of 2, a triathlete, and a personal trainer.  It is a breeze to use and the sound quality is fantastic!  I have used it out and about doing errands, in the car, while busy with my kids, in the gym, around the house, and out on my bike!  It has been awesome for phone use as well as for listening to music while working out in the gym and riding my bike!  And it's so easy to switch back and forth between music and phone use!  I really have no complaints at all!  It's also so comfortable that I don't mind at all having it on for long periods of time.  Other blue tooths have been uncomfortable for anything more than a short phone call.  This one is so easy to have on inbetween uses.  Moreover, I have had trouble with keeping track of the other bluetooths I have used in the past.  I once threw one away by accident!  I have not had this problem at all with the LG Tone!  It's easy for me just to have it on while in the car and out and about that I have not lost track of it yet!  Like I said, the LG Tone fits perfectly into my active life!  I will never go back to the little bluetooths I have used in the past!"
I was shopping for a headset solution to meet these needs:
"I've owned this product for 8 months.  I rarely use them and the battery will not charge.  Initially, I was pleased with the device, but now I am horribly disappointed."
"I bought the product because my experience with most Bluetooth headsets is horrible.  Based on user reviews and the overall design I thought this would be the winner.  Well everyone is right about design, audio quality, music features and comfort.  Very well designed and thought out.  The general design of having all controls on the neck band is brilliant and for those who want a great Bluetooth streaming audio headset you will be happy if not delighted.  BUT... how can a company design such a great product in the higher end category and not include a mute button.  I use this for business calls for hours and music on airplanes.  I want all the features.  In business usage I would have traded Bass Boost for a simple mute option.  The only way to mute the mic that I've found is through the handset which kind of defeats the purpose of having hands free headset.  If I'm going to be holding the phone for frequent mute toggle during conference calls, I could just use the speaker phone or a wired headset.  Big disappointment!!!  Small feature that is great for heavy business conf call usage.  Other than that it is a great product."
"The reception is very good, however it transmits background noise. I'm unable to use it where I have a lot of back ground noise and even outside when there is a slight breeze. I bought this so I could use it in my car, but it doesn't work well there either. Great concept though, it just needs to be improved."
"I want to love this headset, but the lack of a mute button baffles me, and makes this a sub-par solution for me. It wasn't clear before I bought the device that it lacked a mute button. I can see from reading a bunch of the 1-3 star reviews that other people called out this deficiency. Since I use this device primarily as a headset for phone calls, a mute button is critical. I can't understand why it was left off the device."
"I really like this headset now that I found how to get multiple connections working on windows 7 (using the IOGear GBU421). Basically follow the instructions in the LG manual on page 6 with these changes: after step 4 disconnect the headset from your PC and turn off bluetooth on your phone. On the ""Devices and Printers"" page in windows right click the LG icon and choose properties, go to services tab and UNCHECK ""Handsfree Telephony"". For some reason handsfree telephony did not show up on my services list unless I disconnected from both the phone and PC first."
This headset does its job. I purchased this headset to be used with my
"I have had this headset for two months and must say that I really love this product. I have recommended it to many people and am responsible for at least 4 other people purchasing it. It is the perfect bluetooth headset for people with glasses (or people wearing sunglasses because it doesn't add an extra burden to your ears like those that hang off. This is very comfortable (and I often forget I am wearing it because it is designed so well. It pairs well and the controls are very intuitive. I would love to keep recommending it, but I just discovered an issue: the wire, where it attaches to the main body of the headset (not the side that attaches to the ear bud), seems to be wearing out already. I can see wire that is being protected by the insulation on both sides (i.e. the insulation is splitting which is exposing the wires). It still works, but it is only a matter of time before it starts to short out. I hope that I have the one defective unit and that this isn't a standard problem since I plan to try to return it and swap it out."
