So I have wanted one of these for a while now and went on and read a LOT of the reviews here on Amazon. To be honest some of the poor reviews had me a little worried! But I am leaving this review to ASSURE you that nearly ALL of the negative reviews were definitely coming from operator errors (if you get my drift) and people who didnt have ANY idea what they were buying...
"Seems that some AT&T; stores have stocked these on their shelves a little earlier than most stores, so I grabbed one and put it on my iphone 4 right away. (Verizon iPhone 4, not 4S)"
"I used the original Otterbox Defender case for my iPhone 4s, and while it worked ok, this version is a definite improvement. The hard plastic case and the screen protector seem to be the same as the original, other than having larger cut outs for the camera/flash and the front camera/light sensor/proximity sensor area. I never had issues using the 4s camera with the older version case, but I did with the proximity sensor and this case fixes that issue."
"Honestly I was a little apprehensive about getting an Otterbox, due to the size/bulkiness of the case compares to a case-less phone but after breaking 3 iPhones due to dropping them I figures it was time. After a day or two, I was completely used to the case. I love the silicone portion as it helps me have a better grip so that I am less likely to drop the phone. It still fits in my back pocket as well (another thing I thought the size of the case wouldn't allow). Excellent case and quality. Snug fit but still allows full functionality while protecting your phone 100%!"
Dropped my phone on concrete the same day that I put this case on! Phone is still in perfect condition and so is the case.  Not a scratch on either one!!!
"First of all, if you want to protect your iPhone, this is a terrific case.  If you want sleek and flashy, keep looking.  Don't get me wrong, I like the way the phone looks with the Otterbox on it but there just are not any sequins or monograms."
"Purchased the Otterbox case just a few days ago, and got it today. I have to admit, I was not a fan of any of the Otterbox cases because of the bulkiness, but now that I actually know how it actually looks and feels, I love my case! And it helps alot that the color is so cute. I would definitely recommend this case if you are female and love nice cute colors. And I would definitely recommend Otterbox if you want to keep your new iPhone 4/4s in good condition."
This box is fairly good overall but it has a couple major irratating factors that may well be a buying point for many of you so I wanted to talk about a couple things that don't get mentioned very often.
"Protecting a $200 phone is quite a formidable task and a lot of cell phone case companies do not seem to understand protection. They strive for style, design, and aesthetics. To me, this is all nonsense. Otterbox understands the principle of protection better than any other company making these types of products. Fuction is what I am looking for and and this company produces fuctioning cell phone cases. These 4S generation cases share an improved design, mainly with the camera area. I think people were complaining about shadowed pictures and video due to the tight camera cut out. They widened it to ensure the new 8MP camera with not be hindered by a design flaw."
"Ordered this product directly from Otterbox.com, and it took 12 days to arrive--not sure if that's because of a case modification/upgrade around the time I ordered the case."
"In my original review, i bought an Otterbox for my iphone4s from here sold by a company called Universal Mania.  The quality of both the packaging and product was really cheap and flimsy.  --- here is an update."
"This will be my 4th otterbox I have purchased and once more it's been worth it.  The overall feel and design is much better than the original 4's defender and the colors are much more attractive.  The only thing I believe most people won't like are the larger cuts out meant to address the camera and sensor issue as it is easier for objects like your keys to get in and scratch the exposed glass.  On the plus side, it does allow you to clean those places easier and it looks nice to me."
"I have seen a lot of people posting here about the headphone jack on OtterBox cases for iPhone 4.  The opening you see on top is not a ""misplaced"" headphone jack opening.  It is actually a cut out for the noise-cancelling microphone.  The actual headphone jack is protect by a plug.  If you look in this opening, you will see a small hole the size of a pinhead.  This is the microphone.  Hope this helps everyone reading these reviews!"
"This case is not just a counterfeit, it's a really bad counterfeit and the item is ineligible for a refund. Do not buy this under any circumstances."
"I know this is a lot of review but I didn't feel like it's a review until you know the particulars. Sorry, but I can't do that in 40 words or less. A review is supposed to help prospective buyers make a smarter decision. Seeing a review like ""It's cool. I like it. Buy it."" doesn't help me at all."
Item was a fake.  My wife has a legit Otterbox defender and the logos did not match.  Silicone on the original is more firm and fits snuggly on the iphone.  The holster for the fake does not hold the phone well.  It easily unclips if you bump it.  The real holster is secure and the iphone will not dislodge accidentally.  All the flaps on the fake version are poorly constructed and do not close well if at all.  The real Otterbox flaps fit tightly and stay closed.  Amazon should be ashamed of themselves to allow these knock offs to be sold here.  Purchase at your own risk.  I will definitely be taking my business else where from now on.
""
"*Edit*: With the Power Support screen shields, this is by far the best combo on the phone that I can see. I received multiple complements on the look of the case and the amazing screen"
"I bought my husband an Otterbox Defender for his iPhone 4 when they first came out. It survived being run over by a pickup truck (both the phone AND the case survived), and we were sold. I replaced his at Christmas with the camo cover as the rubber port covers on his were finally wearing out, and he had broken the belt clip attachment (which he actually uses--I don't). He has been nothing but pleased with his, so when Otterbox finally released the updated version for iPhone 4s, I eagerly bought one. The previous Defender model (for iPhone 4 only) would not accomodate the white iPhone 4 because the screen-lock sensor was in a different spot, but they now have adjusted the cutout at the top to fix this issue (I think it's in the same spot for the 4s version now). So, yay, finally I can have one, too. Only mine has already cracked after only about one month...not even a whole month, actually. I just checked and it's been about two weeks. My phone mostly stays in my purse or on my desk, or on my nightstand. I don't know how it could've cracked, but the plastic piece next to the headphone port cracked, and then fell off. I have requested a replacement from Amazon. I am really hoping this was just a fluke and that the next case holds up better. At least Amazon has free returns and replacements."
"This is a great cover as far as protection goes for my new iPhone 4S.  It definitely adds bulk to the phone but with bulk comes the protection of my investment and I want the phone to last.  I love the built-in screen protector and the fact that all the buttons depress quite well with the cover on.  I love the color, although it is not as pictured.  There is much more contrast between the darker teal rubberized outer portion and the hard plastic inner piece.  The inner piece is not so much green colored as a light turquoise.  All-in-all, I love it and would buy it again."
"I received a fake otter box. I read all the reviews and notices on amazon about making sure you get a real otterbox. I ordered my from seller that shipped straight from Amazon. I didn't think Amazon would distribute a counterfeit from their warehouse. I knew as soon as I got it that it was a fake. It was less quality than that my sister had on her case. Instead of trying to order another one I went to local store and bought one to compare. Boxes were different, sku was different, cases were different. Very dissappointed with Amazon."
"This is an extremely sturdy case for the 4S--I have no fear that my phone will be damaged. The entire screen, all buttons, and the power port are all protected, yet still work fine. The clip on the holster even locks open so you could use it as a stand (though I haven't done so yet)."
"I was skeptical about this case working with my iPhone 4 (white/Verizon). I had the defender series case over a year ago when I got the phone but returned it because the proximity sensor was ""disabled"" by the cases design. I was more than ready to try the work-around by removing the plastic piece that covers the front camera/proximity sensor once I saw the videos online. Just Google white iPhone 4 Otterbox case work-around and you'll see what I'm referring to in the videos. I got the case today and apparently, the ""hybrid"" version already has the clear plastic piece removed so the phone works perfectly. No more fat cheeking the screen during calls. The case fits like a second skin and it protects the phone from daily use/accidental drops."
I bought this for my iPhone 4 and it fits perfect.  It's a much better fit and the rubber case around the plastic is firmer than the the past Defender case for the 4.  Love the color too.  Would reccomend.
"I love the Otterbox Defender cases. Yeah, they are bulky but I get peace of mind knowing that if I drop my phone anywhere, it will be protected. I have an iPhone 4 but I liked the colors of the new iPhone 4s cases. These cases fit the iPhone 4 just fine. The nice part about these new cases is the flexible silicone is MUCH less sticky in texture as the older once. They slide into your pocket easier and they don't collect lint and dust. They also don't stretch out. This is a NICE change."
"Protecting a $200 phone is quite a formidable task and a lot of cell phone case companies do not seem to understand protection. They strive for style, design, and aesthetics. To me, this is all nonsense. Otterbox understands the principle of protection better than any other company making these types of products. Fuction is what I am looking for and and this company produces fuctioning cell phone cases. These 4S generation cases share an improved design, mainly with the camera area. I think people were complaining about shadowed pictures and video due to the tight camera cut out. They widened it to ensure the new 8MP camera with not be hindered by a design flaw."
I have used this product daily for the past 6 months and it has already ripped apart. Otterbox is supposed to be one of the best protective covers for an iPhone and I am extremely disappointed that it barely lasted. I do not recommend this product for purchase.
"I thought I was buying the Otterbox defender series hybrid case & holster for my iphone 4s. Man....I was wrong. First of all the case came without a holster and it wasn't the real Otterbox. The seller ""Michelle's Home Treasurer"" should be banned from Amazon or any other online site. This is the reason I rarely buy things online. You don't know what you get until it's actually delivered."
"While a family member has a real Otterbox, the one I got from a seller fulfilled by amazon was a fake! When looking at the real one, it is obvious, and after only 3 days of use (before I realized it was fake) the silicone casing tore! Amazon will allow you to return in, but beware of ordering in the first place!"
"I have been using my Otterbox Iphone 4s case for over a month now & I love it!!  The protection it gives my phone & screen is amazing,  I would reccommend this product  to anyone with an Iphone who needs to protect it.  However it does increase the size of the phone."
"Protecting a $200 phone is quite a formidable task and a lot of cell phone case companies do not seem to understand protection. They strive for style, design, and aesthetics. To me, this is all nonsense. Otterbox understands the principle of protection better than any other company making these types of products. Fuction is what I am looking for and and this company produces fuctioning cell phone cases. These 4S generation cases share an improved design, mainly with the camera area. I think people were complaining about shadowed pictures and video due to the tight camera cut out. They widened it to ensure the new 8MP camera with not be hindered by a design flaw."
This Otterbox has a great color combination and I feel like the actual color is fairly true to the picture online. Excellent protection and well worth the money! Very easy to assemble as well!
"I purchased this particular phone case (shell, really) after having read several positive reviews.  I compared it to several others and quickly discovered that this particular case is just that, a case...not some sort of sleeve or wrap.  The case itself WILL hold up...I'm pretty tough on cell phones (outdoors, construction, etc.).  The rubberized covering makes handling the iphone much easier, at least for me.  Without it, it felt as though the phone would slip right through my fingers.  What's more is the customer service dept. at Otterbox.  Background: I'm a fan of having my phone on my side w/ a belt clip.  Long story short, I managed to break the belt clip from the holster itself (not the case) one evening.  Totally my fault.  I called Otterbox Customer Service, told them exactly what happened and their response was, ""let's get you a new one right away. what's your address so we can take care of this for you?""  I was seriously blown away!!!  Received the new holster/belt clip in 5 days.  TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY AND THIS PARTICULAR PRODUCT!!!"
"I've used an Otterbox case for my Blackberry for that last 2.5 years and have LOVED IT!  Sturdy, attractive, not too big, and very functional.  I expected the same thing with this case for my new iPhone 4s; however I'm a little disappointed in the execution on the belt clip.  Makes a person wonder what Otterbox was thinking when they let this one out the door."
Works and fit my iPhone 4s but it is a fake otter box product. Came in an obvious bootleg box. The material does not feel as smooth as the real ones.
"You have to be real picky to notice this first one but I am so here we go. Although this is a good case and well worth the $20 I paid for it, its not perfect. The first issue I wont take any stars off for because its something the manufacturer dosent even claim and thats water resistance. It seems that with just a couple extra additions this case could be water resistant which would make it great rather than just good. As it is this case isn't even moisture or humidity resistant. If i keep it in the holster the heat from my body will cause enough condensation for it to get under the screen. A drop of water anywhere near this case and it somhow seems to make its way right insid the protective film. Real annoying."
"Beware of buying OtterBox products on Amazon, especially from 3rd party sellers. I received an obvious cheap imitation from JC Liquidation Holdings LLC that was not only incredibly flimsy but falling apart. It looks nothing like the pictured items and is clearly fraudulent."
This is a very pretty case in person. I'm not a camo person but I do love trees so I thought I'd give this one a try after not being able to find it in stores anywhere. It's a great case that fits my iphone 4s perfectly and allows great function and protection. Easy to put on and clean and all around great looking.
"So, per my wife's request purchased this case for my new 4S Iphone, after busting my last model iphone on the steps outside our dwelling. Twice now, have dropped the phone while in new case, once from my roof (don't ask, stupid xmas decorations)and once dropped while attempting to put keys in pocket (stupid small pocket jacket) and while trying to catch kicked across the Target parking lot (while strangers laughed). The case works great, no damage to phone during both incidents and I kinda like the new expanded openings for the front and rear facing camera. I would purchase this product again (wife just told me to quit with the long descriptions, stupid descriptions.)"
"Protecting a $200 phone is quite a formidable task and a lot of cell phone case companies do not seem to understand protection. They strive for style, design, and aesthetics. To me, this is all nonsense. Otterbox understands the principle of protection better than any other company making these types of products. Fuction is what I am looking for and and this company produces fuctioning cell phone cases. These 4S generation cases share an improved design, mainly with the camera area. I think people were complaining about shadowed pictures and video due to the tight camera cut out. They widened it to ensure the new 8MP camera with not be hindered by a design flaw."
