Pros:
"I just picked these up today, Aug. 16, 2011, which is when they became available. I really love the way these things sound. they are great on movies, music, and especially games. I've had the px 2's, the x11's and these are far superior. The sound is much more rich/full. Without a dss footsteps are crystal clear and no hiss or background noice. the bass boost is great too, if you really want to sound whore turn up the bass a little and those footsteps sound like stomps. I am really pleased because no matter how high i turn up the volume i don't get any distortion. The ear cups are bigger as well making them feel more comfortable than the x11's or px21's. If you liked the x11's then you'll love these. Basically if you have the x11's/px21's and they work then you dont really need these. But if your current headset has distortion or is broken or if your looking to get your first headset for gaming, I highly recommend these without a doubt. This is the best headset you can buy for under $100. Trust me i've tried them all, the plantronics, sharkoon, tritton, & a bunch of others but i just end up returning them because they dont match the quality of the turtle beaches. Hope this review was helpful, if you got any questions please feel free to leave a comment, thanks!"
"These headphones are the perfect gift or accesoy to any gamer who enjoys FPS games. I can have the volume as loud as i wanted without disturbing my kids or wife. I can also watch movies and even though they are wired it is long and easy to keep under controll and out of reach of little kids. They are ultra comfortable and the sound is great. I would perfer surround sound for sure but did not have enough to invest in the next grade up. the price was a little high 60.00 but it was worth it. On Call of Duty black ops i can hear enemies entering a building on the first floor while im on the second floor, not only that but i can also hear what direction it is coming from. I ultimatley decided upon the wired pair as well because i read many reviews stating the lower end wirless headphones had lots of interference in the presence of wireless products i.e. baby moniter, laptop, cell phones, and basically anything that is wirless. Bottom line great sound, decent price, and looks awesome."
"This is the first pair of headphones I have invested a decent amount of money into, and needless to say I'm blown away. For $55, music has become a completely new drug for me. I have a decent pair of speakers on my computer, but having a pair of headphones that actually have decent (for the money) speakers in them really makes music so much better. Everything comes in clear and deep (I listen to a lot of electronic type music, so it's all over the place). Having the bass control is amazing as well, I honestly didn't think I'd use it, but on songs where it gets out of the range the headphones can handle bass-wise before they sound bad, I can just tune the bass down and it sounds awesome again. It really is useful."
"I have researched for over three months now about what to buy. My set up requires me to play Xbox on mute most of the time which sucks, so I've been looking for some headphones to let me hear my games and not disturb anyone else. These are wonderful. I bought them along with the DSS Dolby Digital 7.1 Decoder *check my other reviews to see my thoughts on the DSS 7.1 Decoder*. I was looking for a pair that had the 7.1 (yes I know it's not ""real"" 7.1) built in, but I've read and heard bad things about the wireless (unless you go super-high end). The wire on this is really not a big deal and not a mess at all. The sound is phenomenal. My father works at an Acoustic Engineering firm and gave these a try and was very impressed for the price point. The sound is awesome and with the DSS makes you aware of where everything is as you move around. Understand that these are 2.1 channel speakers and Xbox only puts out 5.1 channels, so it's not true 7.1, but you won't care once you put them on. When I play an FPS I like to stand near explosions or fires and spin in circles just to hear the sounds move around in my headphones. It's not just for FPS either. I have played sports games, FPS, RPG and racing and it really puts you in the action. It's strange to take them off and realize how quiet it is in the room with how much sound those things really pump into your ears. The separate controls for chat and game are great and the bass boost really does make a difference. My first try with them was 3+ hours and they were never uncomfortable or required readjustment--they just feel nice."
This is my first Gaming Headset and this is my pros and cons:
"I pre-ordered the x-12's after my dog got a hold of my reliable x-11's and chewed them up.  Perfect timing!  The x-12's were available for pre-order through Amazon and i received them on my doorstep on the exact same day they were released.  I've used these to play Black Ops Zombies and they are good headphones.  Just as clear as the x-11's, nice new black look, and the new bass feature is an added plus. I was going to try a different set of headphones to replace my x-11's but i decided to stick with Turtle Beach because of their EXCELLENT customer service.  I owned a wireless set from Turtle Beach(forgot the model) and when i had a problem with a wire, they sent me  a replacement part free of charge.  Their email support is quick and very helpful with any questions you have.  You can't go wrong with Turtle Beach."
BEWARE: Picture description of headset is deceiving
Ive been doing alot of research before I've oreder this and very pleased with this headset!
"I held off on buying a headset forever. All my friends kept telling me how much better their gaming got since they could hear more, I figured it was all crap. I got my pair of X12s today and I can tell ya, it really does make a difference! I'm hearing sounds I had no idea were in the game, and I can tell if someone is walking around near me and I know right where they are, no more sneak attacks from behind."
"I have just received these headsets today, and let me tell you it is definitely a total upgrade from my XLC's. I love the fact that you can control the volumes for chat and game. People talk really loud (or play their music loud) on XBox and you can just turn the chat volume down and not have worry about becoming deaf or getting a headache (lol). You can also hear people very clearly, too. I love the fact that you don't have to hear people in game chat when you're in a party chat at the same time like I did with the XLC's (XBox 360 users know what I'm talking about). I also don't have to worry about my ears hurting because of the big soft cups that surround my ears. These headsets are great and I would definitely recommend them to anyone."
"I bought these because I heard that they were some quality headphones and that the sound was remarkable. Yes, it's true. The sound that comes out of the these headphones is truly something else especially when you've never played out of an actual surround sound system or just any headphones in general. Yes you can hear things that you couldnt before. Yes, the voice from your friends in your party comes out clearly over the game sound. This is definitely a quality headset. I am mostly happy with it."
"Decided to get a new headset after my last two headsets basically were dying and/or not working properly. So, after to snooping around for the best I could afford, I chose this beauty. It cost me around $60 and I've been using it for about a week now."
"Its very comfortable and has a TON of features I wont go into detail because there is a video telling you everything you need to know about this headset. I love the fact that I can mute my tv, and still get sound out of the headphones. (I think my family likes that as well) I can play games whenever I want and have no problems. I actually have my computer and cable hooked up to my HD tv and I can still have the TV mute and listen to the programs or whatever is on my computer. I keep the USB plugged into my xbox even when its off and it still gets power. I love this headset and don't think you need to go and buy $70+ Headphones when you got a really nice pair right here. I was playing halo and could hear my footsteps and the person trying to assassinate me. I quickly turned around and handed him a sticky. I'm just saying you hear EVERYTHING with this headset, it had adjustable volumes for the game, bass, and chat. BUY THESE THEY ARE SWEET!!"
"I just had to write a short post on these incredible little headphones. I bought them for use with a pc for online games. I've had numerous 5.1 setups in the past from various manufactures like tritton and so on and always seemed annoyed by the wires, hookups and overall sound experience. I decided to abandon the 5.1 headphone future and switch back to simple ole 2.1. So that aside I have to tell you guys the bass these headphones can put out is amazing. Truly amazing, overall the sound is very good and the headphones are comfortable."
"Bought the TURTLEBEACH EARFORCE X12 HEADPHONES new. Worked great and sounded great for 2 weeks, then the microphone gave out. I contacted the manufacturer via email (you cannot talk to a live person)and asked them if they can repair the unit. They informed me that the microphone is not repairable."
I have only owned the
"I will begin by saying that this may be the best video game accessory I have ever purchased. I have never owned anything like this before. Now, I like to play video games, but I am by no means a ""gamer"", so take this review for what it's worth. Mainly, I will be using this for when I play Modern Warfare 3 on xbox live. Upon arrival I connected  this and followed all the directions. Setup couldn't be any easier by the way. Fixed a couple settings and was on my way."
"This is by far the best gaming headset that I have ever owned.  Very comfortable.  Easy to operate and install.  And the sound quality is superb.  And by far at the best price anywhere ($43) at the time of purchase(9/6/2011-on the market less than 1 month).  The bass boost is phenomenal.  It gives so much more to the game experience.  In my first live match (BFBC2) I got a melee kill with knife because I heard an enemy sneaking up behind me.  Anyone familiar with this game knows that this type of kill is alittle less common than in the COD series.  Absolutely the only issue I have with this headset is that Turtle Beach may want to consider stiffening up the volume controls, as these may be accidentally bumped during normal movement during gameplay which can affect volume levels causing the player to need to make an adjustment during the heat of battle.  I would definitely purchase this product over and over again."
I have both the X11 and the X12.
The Turtle Beach x 12 is very sleek and stylish. it kits perfect around my ears and sometimes i don't even notice i'm wearing it. The new bass boost feature is also very cool. it really makes a differnce. The only thing i do not like about it is that the puffy thing on the mic end is larger than nessacary
"My x1's broke after a year and a half of abuse so I wanted to get a x11 but I saw that these were coming out soon and they were the same price of the x11's so I ordered these. They came in the mail no problems... Anyway its super comfortable, bass boost is awesome, color's look good, no tangling of the wires, sounds amazing... And as of right now I have no complaints and I don't think I will have any."
"Given the high rating of this headset on Amazon, I was expecting a good piece of hardware.  However, my usage was plagued with two major problems and one minor problem, as follows:  The first major problem was a constant white noise in the background due to what seemed to be interference with the microphone.  There remained a constant and unyielding buzz or whine (white noise) during gameplay - this was highly annoying and took the fun out of hearing the actual game!  The second big problem was that the headset made my ears incredibly sore after a long gaming session (3 hours or so).  No, it wasn't the loud sound, it was the pressure the headset exerted on my ears.  I could not find a comfortable adjustment.  The soreness even persisted until the next day or two; this, to me, is inexcusable and highly unfortunate.  Lastly, all my friends on Xbox Live immediately attested that my voice was much too loud.  There isn't a setting to turn it down the input, and the mic remains far to sensitive.  My advice would be to try and use a pair before buying, perhaps at a Best Buy store (they have demonstration kiosks there).  The sound was great for a $50 headset, however, so +1 for that!  These might work perfect for other people, but the headset was just unusable for me.  Just a sidenote:  I don't consider myself a finicky customer or some unpleasable fanboy, but I've always used Steelseries and I'v never had these problems from their headsets.  Just my two cents.  I hope it helps."
"So i bought these for my Son for Christmas and he loved them. they worked Great at first, but as every single headset i have purchased here is is March and they no longer work. He has been very careful with them. and we heard that it was a good product but for the money i could have bought 6 pairs of cheaper ones for that money and at least they would last 6 months."
"It is unfortunate that Turtle Beach does not give a damn about ps3 players and designed their ps3 headset accordingly. The P11's construction is just cheap all around, and the headband can only be described as horrific."
"I bought this Turtle Beach X12 headset roughly six months ago, and after moderate daily use, the joint that supports the right ear cup (the side without the microphone) snapped. Upon further inspection, it appears that the only thing holding the ear cups to the bridge was a cheap looking plastic swivel. Now, I understand that under the stress of daily use would cause certain electronics to break due to wear and tear (I used this for gaming, music, and all other multimedia use that dealt with sound). Even with great care put into making sure these things last, it still seemed to break fairly easy. Taking these things on and off a few times per day for six months is all it takes for the plastic to wear down and snap."
"I bought the Ear Force X12 gaming headset from Amazon for $50.86. It was sold and shipped by Amazon. I use it with a PC, not with an Xbox."
"I love these things. The sound is fairly epic, with the volume turned up you get an awesome surround sound effect complete with the rumbling bass. I have worn them for nearly 8 hours at a time and they were comfortable the entire time, I've never had any other head phones, even ear buds, that I could stand for more than 2 or 3 hours. I know some people have complained about the mic picking up back ground sounds but I have never had any issues with that all."
"very happy with the purchase, if you dont mind the wire hook up this is a very good headset for the comp and 360. i hear stuff now that i didnt before! very good product for the price! when im ready to move up to the wireless, i will turn to turtle beach again."
The Good:
With MW3 out and my
Have to say that these are really good. I was able to use these on both my xbox 360 as well as my PC. I even did a few presentations with them and noticed a really clear recording. The sound is good at lower volumes but noticed so issues when blasting them (although you shouldn't really do that). I did notice the hiss that some other reviewers noticed but I am not willing to go wireless. The part that really irritates me is the microphone boost. There is no way to turn off the microphone amplifier and when on xbox you cannot turn your output volume down. This will cause you to be really loud to other people in your chat. I also get a really bad squeal that others can hear randomly. It's really high pitched and I have to unplug my microphone cable from my controller to get it to go away.
"I bought this yesterday and thanks to prime I got today, so kudos for Amazon speedy delivery!"
Ok I had a major deal breaker issue with this headset.
"First, let me say that I have been a video gamer since the first Atari.  I currently own an XBOX 360 (and several others), and after reading many reviews, doing research, etc., finally decided to get the Turtle Beach X12.  ""HOLY HEADSETS"" Batman, these things are incredible.  First the set up.  Keep in mind that if you do not have an AV OUT (not IN), which is the red and white RCA cables on your TV, receiver, etc., AND you want to run your XBOX 360 in HD, you are going to need an adapter.  On a side note, once again I am frustrated with Microsoft and associated products.  I mean really, how much can this adapter really cost to produce and for once, include it with the headset.  I know these are made by TB, but having to pay extra for EVERYTHING with the 360 is really getting old.  Back to the review, the one good thing about the included RCA cables, is that they do have a male/female side.  For me, this was vital as my sound-bar is connected to the RCA out/AV out on my HD TV, but because of the way TB made these cables, I was able to plug the X12's into the AV out, and then plug my sound-bar connection into the female side of the TB RCA cables, avoiding having to buy an adapter.  Plug in the usb on the front of the XBOX (since my HAD TO BUY EXTRA wireless N adapter is plugged into the back USB), and we are all set."
"Got mine last night, after plugging it into a USB port, mic in, and headphone jack - I immediate went to Skype and tried it out with the echo caller. Wonderful quality for the price. Was able to adjust the mic to pick up only what was immediately close to it, the sound from the headphones was crystal clear, and the talkback function is just enough so that you know that you are in fact speaking (huge plus with these as they somewhat muffle you, this can lead to you speaking a little too loud for your friends). I also tried it with some music, and I have to say I am impressed. Sound just as good as my buddies Skull Candy wireless headset and for almost less than half the cost. The bass is clear and it doesn't get too treble-y. I got this through 3rd party through an Amazon Warehouse posting for almost half the price of a retail set, and so far - it was a great investment."
"I got these for my son to replace the turtle beaches that broke, after 3-4 years. Great price for a great headset. I would highly recommend these for serious gamers, like my son."
"A few weeks ago my boyfriend and I were shopping for some xbox things and we came across the Turtle Beach headphones. My boyfriend really wanted these but I was skeptical about buying such expensive headphones. I ended up buying him a pair yesterday as an early birthday present and we both absolutely love them. They were worth the price since they have amazing sound, a very sensitive mic that he doesn't have to shout into like his old headphones, and are great for a variety of things (i.e. games, tv, and music). He can now play his games without me telling him to please turn the volume down so I can concentrate on what I'm doing. Wish I would have bought these sooner!!"
"Great headphones compatible with PC and XBOX 360. However, there is one thing you MUST know:"
"The headset is amazing, I can watching movies in the middle of the night using this with Tv on mute. Multiple player: you can hear the other person's footsteps which is great for maps where you won't always have someone watching your back. The headset works so great, that I even bought a second one for my boyfriend. So whether your a gamer or a movie fan this is your headset ^.^"
