73 of 78 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars Response to Pro Reviews, November 22, 2012
By 
Jason Wendling (San Francisco Bay Area, CA) - See all my reviews
(REAL NAME)   
This review is from: HTC DROID DNA 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
Rather than covering things that professionals can cover better, I'm going to treat this review as a user supplemental to the likes of Slashgear, Engadget, Gizmodo, etc.

Battery - let's get this one out of the way. The battery is fine. My previous device was a Galaxy Nexus on Verizon 4G LTE with the 2100mah battery. The DNA easily matches - if not beats - it. I don't foresee any problems getting through my average day with the built-in battery. The sleekness and solidity more than make up for the fear of not being able to swap the battery. I use the wireless charging and may buy a second for the office - just in case.

Physical - The flap over the micro-USB is a must for me. With wireless charging it makes no sense to leave a port exposed. Good job, HTC. The power button at the top is probably the worst part of the phone. It is a real stretch to get to it. I have regular hands and find one-handing it to be easy. However, the center of gravity is a little higher up in the phone than I would have guessed. Be careful to learn the grips before juggling it out of your pocket in a rush to answer a call.

Sense - Going from a Google-Nexus to a carrier edition is actually okay. Sense looks nice and performs great. HTC has a track-record of being speedy with updates. Also, Google have done a brilliant thing by updating individual apps via the Play store. I'm happy with the trade-off. Not a big deal. The bloatware is tolerable. Again, Google have made a great decision in ICS+, allowing users to disable annoying apps.

Storage - 16Gb isn't a compromise in the cloud era. With WiFi everywhere and 4G everywhere else, more content is easy to get. True, I cannot hold the entire LOTR movie trilogy in HD on my phone at once - but, I think that's okay for 99.9% of users.

Screen - Simply amazing. The reviewers who say that it is not a big upgrade are selling the phone short. Both the resolution and the technology are great. However, for those who are very picky - like I am - there are a few notes. As with all LCD, there are a few spots where the backlight is visible at extreme angles. And, I had the dreaded dead pixel. Verizon was happy enough to swap it out - twice. 2/3 phone with a dead pixel isn't great...

Audio - I'm an adult man who does not play hip-hop or pop Katie Perry or whatever. I play what may would call oldies. And, with Beats, it sounds really great. Both the speakerphone and the earbuds (using urBeats), are loud and clear. I highly approve. I mostly listen to Audible books and they sound really good on this setup.

Overall - I am really happy with my purchase and think it is a huge upgrade over the Galaxy Nexus. Were I able to get the Nexus 4 on Verizon, I'd have to think twice, though. And, those wondering about the Note II. Just Don't II. I tried it and it is just too big and the pen is just too much of a gimmick.
