103 of 108 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars No better smartphone out there right now, November 20, 2012
By 
Trooper Thorn (Maine, USA) - See all my reviews
This review is from: HTC DROID DNA 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
CAMERA

The camera on this device is fantastic--if you're used to the HTC One X you'll know a lot of the features, but coming from the Rezound it's a massive improvement. It's still 8MP, but HTC's new sensors are amazing. The low-light photos are a huge improvement over my Rezound, and the S3 as well. You can take snapshots midway through recording video, and the continuous shooting mode works exceptionally well, offering a "best shot" option to automatically delete all the other pictures in the series if you only like one of them. The panorama feature works exceptionally well, and I wowed an iPhone carrying friend with its ease and quality.

DISPLAY

Simply put, the DROID DNA's display is absolutely stunning. At five inches, 1080p and 440 pixels per inch, you'll be hard pressed to find anything that even begins to come close to this. Watching videos or looking at photos on your favorite photography site/app is an absolute treat.
The Auto Brightness setting works absolutely flawlessly, adjusting to the level of ambient lighting before the display is even turned on. This is a stark contrast from my Galaxy S3, which is often too dim, and frequently changes it's brightness long after I've turned the screen on and began using the device.

BUILD QUALITY/DESIGN

The device feels exceptional. The material covering the back is slightly grippy, which adds a feeling of security when you hold the device in your hand. The Galaxy S3's smooth finish is almost too slippery, and makes the device feel delicate and prone to dropping, though I am quite a fan of its curved shape. There isn't a creak or groan to be found anywhere around the device, which is something I've become accustomed to with HTC devices in general.

EASE OF USE

The DROID DNA runs Android 4.1 Jelly Bean with HTC's Sense 4+ UI. What this means is it's EXCEPTIONALLY EASY to use. Everything is where it should be, and everything works the way you expect it to, which makes for an enjoyable experience.

The DNA retains the three primary softkeys (that have become the standard since ICS) instead of on-screen buttons, though unlike the Samsung Galaxy S3, the Menu button is not included. That is somewhat annoying, as apps' inclusion of the on-screen Menu button is inconsistent, and navigating to the phone's setting menu requires a swipe of the top pulldown. This is pretty nit-picky, but it's my only gripe about the ease of using the device.

BATTERY LIFE

I struggled when trying to decide whether to select "Good" or "Excellent" under Battery Life in the Product Rating above. At 2020 mAh, the battery seems a bit lacking for a 5" 1080p monster like the DROID DNA. Initially I was worried about its performance, but I've found it to be pretty respectable. I'm getting pretty close to what I had with my Galaxy S3, and for a quad core 5" 1080p monster like this, I think that's pretty excellent.

PERFORMANCE/CALL QUALITY

Upon opening the Navigation app, the GPS locks on instantaneously. This is a huge advantage over my Galaxy S3, which often takes literally minutes to acquire GPS signal and begin directing me on the road. Again, I'm used to good radios/GPS from HTC, my Rezound and Incredible were both flawless in this department as well.

In tough service areas (like basements or large buildings), the DNA outperformed my S3 every time. I held 3G signal in my gym (in a university basement) where the S3 dropped to 1x consistently.
The DROID DNA's signal is excellent, and it's call quality is as well. Callers sounded crisp and clear on my end of the phone, and they reported good quality sound on their end as well.

Overall, this device is simply magnificent. I was shocked when I first held it, and even more shocked when I slid it easily into my pocket. It felt fantastic, far better than my Rezound, and about the same as my Galaxy S3. If you buy any device in the next six months, it ought to be the HTC DROID DNA.
