45 of 51 people found the following review helpful
4.0 out of 5 stars Great Phone- DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON WIRELESS!, January 21, 2013
By 
James (Florida, USA) - See all my reviews
This review is from: Samsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
*Beware that Amazon Wireless is separate division and they do not operate under the same guidelines as Amazon*

I've owned this phone for 9 days and used it extensively. Huge upgrade from my Google G2. New Google software seems very fast and smooth. Great camera and the AMOLED display is the best I've seen.

4G LTE is very fast, WHEN I'm connected to it. I find this phone to be on 3G most of the day. My location? Miami, FL which brings me to this complaint I filed with Verizon and Amazon Wireless:

On January 11th 2013 I switched to Verizon Wireless after spending the previous 7 years with their direct competitor. The main reason for my switch was Verizon's marketing and promise of a more reliable & stronger network. I purchased the a Samsung Galaxy S III and as a loyal Amazon Prime member, I did so with confidence and was excited that I had saved $50 off the current Verizon Wireless promotional price.

After using the phone for several days I noticed some technical issues with the device. After spending several hours of my time with the Verizon Wireless technical department, it was determined that this phone was defective (not connecting to the network properly). I was assured by the Verizon Wireless technical specialist that under Verizon's worry-free guarantee, a new phone would be sent free of charge but that I had to contact Amazon Wireless directly in order to process the guarantee.

When I contacted Amazon Wireless I was informed that there was only 2 options for replacing this phone. Amazon Wireless does not honor any Verizon guarantees and they have their own policy's. The first option was to ship this defective device back, thus SURRENDERING MY SERVICE and going without a phone for 5-6 days while they "process" the return. The second option is to pay the FULL RETAIL PRICE of $699, wait 3-4 days for the replacement, and then get a refund 7-10 days after Amazon Wireless received the defective device back.

Let's recap:
Option 1 = No phone for 5-6 days while you ship yours back and then wait for a replacement
Option 2 = Pay $699 + shipping to get a replacement, refund in 7-10 days after they receive defective

When I brought up the fact that the Verizon tech department had informed me otherwise, I was told by the Amazon Wireless representative that "They'll say anything to get you off the phone". I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told nothing else could be done. Both replacement options are clearly unrealistic and unacceptable. Amazon Wireless refused to replace the defective equipment that they sent me.

Beware that Amazon wireless is separate division and they do not operate under the same guidelines as Amazon. Customer service is marginal at best and they will not budge on this policy. Both replacement options that Amazon Wireless presented to me reflect poorly on the Amazon brand. I would strongly suggest buying this phone at a Verizon Wireless corporate retail store.
