64 of 66 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars The best by a significant margin, December 15, 2012
By 
Steven W. Rose (Haliimaile, HI United States) - See all my reviews
(REAL NAME)   
This review is from: Samsung Galaxy Note II 4G Android Phone, Titanium Gray (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
The Note II has many excellent features unmatched by any other product.

Due to its Verizon 4G connection and high capacity battery, it can work as a hot spot all day. My Clear (Sprint) hot spot would only run for 3 hours, so I had to carry three spare batteries. The Note II hot spot functionality takes seconds to turn on (or off). The Clear hot spot takes more than a minute to establish a connection. The Verizon 4G connection is widely available. Sprint seems to be turning off WiMax, as my coverage has been shrinking. As a result, the Note II pays for itself as I can terminate my Clear hot spot. And there is now less to carry. The iPhone 5 4G as a hotspot did not have enough battery life.

Due to its very good audio system, I was able to use it for a Skype conference the first day I had it. The Skype connection from the regular conference room setup was not working well. I connected from the Note II, and suddenly everyone could hear and be heard. The audio from the phone would have been enough, but it was easy to plug the local amp and speakers into the headphone jack, and continue to use the telephone's microphone. It saved the meeting.

Skype video conferencing is also excellent, and works really well on the go.

Be sure to buy the Samsung HDMI output adapter. There is a new standard connector -- the micro USB has 11 pins. It works fine with regular microUSB cables for data and charging, but requires a different connector than previous microUSB HDMI adapters. You will be amazed at the quality of the image on your HDTV. BTW, position matters. For Google Earth, for example, if you hold the phone upright, the image is narrow and vertical. Put the phone in landscape position, and the screen fills with a beautiful high resolution image.

The camera is excellent for a cell phone camera -- better in a resolution chart test than my iPhone 4. Due to the height of the phone, the camera lens is outside of my shirt pocket, so it can take videos while in your pocket leaving both hands free (takes getting used to -- practice first). Which brings up another point -- it fits fine in every shirt pocket I have, in spite of its size. Be sure to do something that will keep it from slipping out when you bend over, though (antislip material, or a case, for example) if you chose to carry it there.

AirDroid is a most amazing app that works really well with this phone. Call it up in the browser on your computer, point your phone at the screen and press the camera icon, and it uses a bar code to instantly log in and allow you to transfer files at high speed between your computer and your phone. This app is a breakthrough for me in increasing the utility of my phone.

In fact, the phone is almost at the point where it can replace my computer. With its quad core cpu, excellent graphics, and 64GB of external (microSDXC) storage, the addition of a bluetooth keyboard and external monitor turns it into a computer, with the phone functioning as a multitouch mousepad and Wacom graphics tablet (thanks to the S Pen!)

It is easy to go on and on about this telephone and the apps available, like afterfocus and fast boot, and the fact that the video camera offers both fast motion and slow motion (240 frames/sec at standard definition). While the still photo resolution of telephone cameras in general is not up to say a Canon SD780is pocket camera, the Note II's still quality is still excellent, and the video is wonderful. Every day there is something new to discover about this great device (and an excellent series of tutorials on YouTube).

Aloha,
Steve
