34 of 36 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars I Made Fun Of It, Then Hung My Head in Shame, January 9, 2013
By 
T.C. (Dallas, TX USA) - See all my reviews
This review is from: Samsung Galaxy Note II 4G Android Phone, Titanium Gray (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
One of my friends got the original Galaxy Note a while back. She was rather petite, and I thought it was hilarious! Whenever she held it up to her face to talk on it, all you could really see was this big phone tablet lovechild...thing. Then, her sister got the Galaxy Note 2 last month. It was even bigger! I unleashed a barrage of playful jesting at her as well. Who would want such a big device for a phone?
It then came time for me to upgrade. I had been using a HTC Thunderbolt, so most anything would have been an upgrade. I even had the extended battery, the one that stuck out from the back like it was a hideously deformed hellspawn and belonged in the bell tower at Notre-Dame Cathedral. All in all, it wasn't a terrible phone...but the battery would barely last a day with moderate use (and that was the extended), and the phone itself was prone to quirks that caused problems now and then. In addition to that, the processor is a few generations old now and it certainly showed! I was extremely ready to upgrade.
I had it narrowed down to a few phones...I wanted a Nokia 920, but Verizon didn't have it yet. So I looked at the Droid DNA, and the Razr Maxx HD. I wasn't even CONSIDERING the Note 2.

The more research I did though, the more it got frustrating.
I loved the size, look, and feel of the Droid DNA, but I already had been burned by one HTC phone with an under-powered battery. To add insult to injury, with the Droid DNA the battery wasn't even replaceable and I would be stuck with 16GB of non-expandable memory. I could make it work maybe, but battery life and storage are important to me. The answer was nein.

Razr Maxx HD...Motorola makes solid phones. It was rugged, it had lots of nice bells and whistles, was a good size, and the battery life looked great! I've never had a phone with above average battery life, the possibilities were tantalizing. But..it was only dual core (not a big deal, but to a techy guy like me it's enough to make me hesitate with more quad processors coming out and all), and the camera wasn't very impressive. Not terrible, but meh. I do take pictures a lot, so I ideally wanted the best phone camera I could get to save me from perpetually having to carry around my 7D. This was the stronger contender of the two, but it was disappointing that I would have to compromise so much either way. Plus, after holding it, I just didn't dig the shape of the phone. I could have certainly made it work and I probably would have been happy with it-- but that didn't mean it was the best choice for me.

Then I read more about this thing and got to play with it.
I fell in love. It does everything well. Why compromise when, if I can deal with .5" increase in size from the Droid DNA, I could have a phone that wouldn't lack in any of those previously mentioned departments?
That's the bottom line with the Note 2: "If you can deal with the size." Personally, I think a 5" phone is ideal, but 5.5" is definitely manageable for me.
It's not for everyone. I have big hands, and I can operate the thing with one hand pretty easily (Samsung's one handed mode keyboard helps). It's a good size for me, and even my female friend who is considerably smaller than me can operate it well. It takes some getting used to though. It fits in my jeans pockets, but I bought a Seido ACtive case w/holster just in case (hah! Get it?). Been using that with no problems.
I do not regret getting it.
This is the best phone, or phablet, or whatever it is, I've ever had. I'm on my third day of one battery charge here, with light use in addition to using this thing as a music player while I drive. I bought a 64 GB card and use this as my music player now, rather than pay an extra few hundred for a 64GB ipod which I was originally intending on doing. The interface doesn't skip a beat, games run flawlessly, the s pen is surprisingly useful, and the camera is very good! No connection issues either. 4G runs fast, wifi works just fine, but I haven't tried bluetooth yet. I'm optimistic this phone may actually make it so I'm not yearning for my next upgrade date.

So to put it plainly... I'm sorry Galaxy Note 2. I'm sorry for making fun of you.. *sniff*. People may make fun of you for being a phablet, but I know better. You were just made awesome.
