32 of 34 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars Love this phone, November 25, 2012
By 
Sierra "Sierra" (New York, NY, USA) - See all my reviews
This review is from: HTC DROID DNA 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
The droid that made me want to get back from the "dark side" (owned 3 iPhones before). Was hoping that iPhone 5 would inspire me, but alas, the screen was too small, the phone felt the same as the ones I had before, in general, I was bored with iPhone and iOS. HTC Droid DNA worked best for me. Obviously it has amazing screen, great camera, and sound system. Love customizing the phone - changing launchers, themes etc. Storage was not an issue for me, as the cloud takes care of it more and more, and 16Gb is more than enough for my music/videos because I like to rotate it often.

My main concerns were phone size (too big), battery (non removable), and learning a phone system other than iOS that I used before. After half a week of using this phone I'm happy to report none of them are relevant. The phone is very comfortable to hold, most of the time I can use it with one hand - and I do have much smaller hands than, say, my husband. The battery life is comparable to my iPhone, and as for Android OS, there was no learning curve, it's very intuitive and surprisingly user friendly. No glitches, random restarts - things that supposedly plague Android OS, - extremely stable, fast system.

Apps variety - after downloading all kinds of apps on my iPhones throughout the years, I came to realize that I'm actually using a handful of them on a daily basis, and all of them (and more) were available for my HTC Droid DNA.

The switch was much easier than I thought, I am very happy with this phone, can't name anything that I dislike about it. Apple still makes a great phone, but if you are bored with it, definitely consider HTC Droid DNA.

*** Update from husband and an Android user ***

HTC DNA is the best overall Android phone out right now in my opinion, certainly on Verizon. Samsung Galaxy S3 comes the closest in terms of competition, but has issues with reception (based on users' consensus) on VZW which results in sub-par battery life. The screen on S3 is also not as good as the screen on the DNA. HTC DNA, however, has very strong reception (able to keep 4G and connection in general even in weak signal areas) and remarkable battery life despite industry-leading specs. And it puts those specs to good use too: the phone is a pleasure to use. It's dependable, smooth, fast and very stable. The camera is excellent as well.

Quick note: it is important, in my opinion, to promptly disable all the bloat, especially apps produced by Verizon. Those Verizon apps tend to run automatically, are typically poorly written, almost always useless, and tend to cause problems, such as unnecessary battery drain.

Although overall HTC DNA is, in my opinion, the best phone out now, it does not best the competition in each and every area. Here are a few areas that, if important to you, may lead you to pick a different device (in the order of importance):

1. Storage space. The DNA only comes with 16gb of storage (11gb usable). This is low by Android standards. My old HTC Thunderbolt, for example, had over 40gb. This meant I could not move all my music to the DNA when I upgraded. This issue is not easy to remedy. You may have to either stream your media or get external storage. Streaming uses your data plan, battery, and is not always available. External storage (connected through WiFi) is somewhat cumbersome to use right now and requires carrying an additional device. Many competing phones offer more storage, notably Galaxy S3.

2. Battery life. The battery life is very good. It is the same or better than the major competitors, such as the iPhone and Galaxy S3. However, there are phones out there (Razr Maxx and Samsung Note 2) with huge batteries that can last much longer on one charge. If you require a huge battery on a daily basis, the DNA may not be for you. You can, however, get an external battery with the DNA if you need large battery capacity only occasionally. Unlike external storage, external batteries are actually cheap, convenient, and easy to use.

3. Screen. The screen on the DNA is extremely sharp and currently offers the highest resolution of all mobile phones (at least as far as I know.) This high resolution, however, breaks some games, including the popular Angry Birds Star Wars. Most games work fine, however. Developers may update their games to work with this high resolution, but some will never get updated, and others will take time. If playing certain games is important to you, you may have to pick a different phone.
