26 of 30 people found the following review helpful
3.0 out of 5 stars Great Phone, Major Drawbacks, January 26, 2013
By 
Tinytim - See all my reviews
This review is from: HTC DROID DNA 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless) (Wireless Phone)
To begin with, the HTC Droid DNA is a great phone. It has some of the top specs out of any smartphone available right now. Quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 1080p screen with 440ppi(pixels per inch), 8MP camera, you name it. It is also one good looking phone with it's rubberized texture, red stripes, and that 5-inch screen which isn't too big but isn't too small.

So you may be asking what's wrong with the phone? There are a couple of major drawbacks. First is the non expandable storage: yes it's been stated many times before in previous reviews but this one really got to me. With only 16GB of internal storage, leaving barely under 12GB of usage with all the bloatware installed by Verizon. I thought it wouldn't be a problem, but after importing some of my music library onto the phone, along with pictures and videos that I would take day to day, it would leave me with no memory at all. Yes, I understand that technology is "advancing" to cloud storage, where you can store pictures and videos, but people like me like to have the option of an expandable MicroSD storage slot. It's one of the many things that set Android apart from its competitors!

Second is the battery life/non-removable battery. Having a Droid should mean having the option of a removable battery. If the battery isn't that huge and rates 2,020 mAh, the smart thing to do is to have the option of a removable battery. For some people, the battery would last them all day, but mine hardly lasted for half a day. I use my phone heavily: always playing games, streaming videos, using GPS, using third party apps such as Facebook and Instagram, browsing the internet, etc. and this would leave me with almost no battery by the time 5pm rolls around. Sometimes I would just leave my phone in my pocket and take it out a couple of hours later to find that the battery has drained about 20%. I don't wear tight jeans so there had to be a problem there somewhere, that or the standby battery life is horrible. I always say, what's the point of having a glamorous phone with top specs if you can't use it because it died? Over the two year life of the phone (assuming one would keep the phone for the 2 year contract), the battery will gradually lose life.

Third and lastly, although this complaint isn't as major as the other two, is the button designs. Why would HTC put the power button on top of a 5 inch screen phone? And to add to that, why would they make it so flush into the phone where you can barely feel it unless you have a case on? If someone were to go case-less through the duration of the two years of having the phone, I would imagine the button becoming harder and harder to press or even stuck into the phone.

Although this was a highly anticipated phone for Verizon, I am overall disappointed with the design flaws.
