This is an excellent step-up from the flip-phones that those of us who rarely use a cell phone were stuck with if we wanted to pay low amounts for a cell phone and usage. There's also a similar Motorola model at Tracfone but it doesn't list under my zip code so I haven't compared the two phones.
"My husband and I have owned Tracfone's for 8 years. He's not a big cell phone guy therefore I haven't been able to talk him into phones like and Antroid Touch or an iphone, which I'd love. So I have to settle for what Tracfone has to offer. After losing my newest phone (LG 500g) I deceided to go with what I really wanted and that was a touch screen phone. This model has not disappointed me. I call it the ""poor mans touch screen phone"" because the size obviously doesn't compare to iphones or Androids but if your looking for a phone like that with extras such as web browsing, games (with game download capability), camera, video, and a few other things like an alarm setting ect. then this just might fill that need. The thing I like about it compared to a phone like the LG 500g is that it's a full screen and not a keyboard taking up half the available screen space. I downloaded the Facebook app and it's actually worth using the web browser to check Facebook & email. Texting it easy. Not any more difficult then trying to hit the right keys on the small LG 500g keyboard. I'm finding the screen very responsive to touch as well. I ordered a memory card as well because I needed to get some video of my son's piano sent to me from an iphone but my LG5 500g said there wasn't enough room to receive them AFTER it deducted my units for them:( Had problems with accidently hitting the browser button with my LG 500g and I lost a lot of units that way. Shouldn't be a problem with this phone. That was the deciding factor when choosing between this phone and the Samsung 404g. I hope this review helps. I would also recommend a phone cover because these phones are quite slippery, which is how I lost my last phone."
"I recently got this LG800g Tracfone to replace an older LG225 flip phone, primarily because I wanted a cookie type phone that could also serve as an mp3 player. I purchased a data cable, 4 gb micro disk (the max for this particular phone), and silicone gel case from Amazon, so for under $70 I have everything I need to make this phone function for all my needs. When connected to a docking station, the sound is awesome--and welcome--since our local radio station decided Central California residents are no longer interested in classical music. Transferring my number and minutes over to the new phone was easy with Tracfone's customer service."
"For the last year I've been cell-less, one because I could no longer justify a $30/month bill for something I used maybe 30-40 minutes a month on, and two when I did purchase a prepaid phone it felt cheap and the sound quality wasn't that good. This is the prepaid phone of my dreams. I love the touch screen display, it's big enough for me to see what I'm doing and it looks and works like every other contract feature phone I've used. The sound quality is great it reminds me of a land line, no one can even tell I'm using a cellphone it's so clear."
If you buy this phone for other reasons than using it as a communication device then you should buy the 4gb Micro SD memory card and the LG Micro USB Data Cable.  If you want to be able to upload your music or download your videos and pictures you must set up your External Memory.  Here are some steps I went through:
"I was forced to buy a TracFone because my Apple iPhone 4S was rendered useless due to a defective product made by LifeProof (long story, no time to explain here, but see my review of ""LifeProof case"" elsewhere here on Amazon."
"Shopcelldeals price is lower than Tracfone's web site and  the big box stores. Phones keep getting better regarding call quality and this one sounds as clean as a land line. The triple minutes feature when combined with a One Year/1500 minute card will provide me with 375 minutes a month for $16.67. Wow, a lot better than than any of the smart phones' service that start at $45/month. So I can't watch a movie on this phone, boo hoo. Activation via tracfone's web site was easy and seamless. Consumer reviews are generally love letters or hate letters. In the couple of days wait between receiving this phone after ordering it, I read some reviews on Amazon and some sites devoted to cell phones. There's a lot of doom and gloom out there. Just read the good stuff, this phone is working out fine."
"All alleged  features  work flawlessly. Triple minutes (Tracfone) make  calls  7 cents/min....text is  3  cents. The LG is loud  and  clear. I suspect  most negative  reviews  come  from  folks  who can't read  directions. You can change  pad lock  to  60 sec in preferences. I recycled  an old  2g Micro SD, ample memory.It is  NOT  a  smart phone...Einsteins  who spend  $150  a month have those! I need to  call and  text...not  do banking,  know the  temp  in Bankok, or lock my  front  door."
After using this phone I am regretting choosing this one over the one with the slide-out qwerty keyboard that got excellent reviews from other users. This phone uses the old keypad format for text entry which was a little disappointing. It does compensate with a pretty cool hand-writing function which works well but is still slower than typing with keyboard. The settings are a little awkward too. I purchased the SD memory chip and USB cable but am still having trouble loading music and pictures from my computer to the phone. Having triple minutes is nice and it is working out to be much cheaper than the local carrier plan I was locked into for 2 years.
This phone exceeded my expectations. The standby battery life is excellent. It has a bright display that can be viewed in almost any outdoor setting. The only problem I have encountered is the skimpy user manual that doesn't cover basic functions adequately or even at all. I don't care for the fixed location of the browser icon - right where your right thumb would normally be placed holding the phone. It's makes it too easy to log on the internet (wasting minutes)by mistake.
"I just received my phone today, activated it in less than 10 minutes, no problem. There was a small tussle over ""air time PIN"" for which I had to call tracfone tech support, but buying time from the tracfone web site solved that."
"I recently purchased Tracfone LG800g with Triple Minutes for Life. It did not take long to get my old phone number and service minutes transferred from my old phone to my new LG800g Smart Phone using Tracfone's 1-800-867-7183 ( I have been a Tracfone customer for years). Manual that comes with the phone could use more detail on some of the features in the phone but, I really like the LG800g, it has alot more features than I had with the flip phone I was using. LG800g I received is using software version 10E (it has the fixes for problems stated in last year's model early in the year).  Gettiing this phone and associated accessories (case, micro SD card, screen protector, and micro USB cable for LG) via Amazon.com was a great value < $67 !!!"
I bought the LG 800G to replace an LG 420G that was a backup for my LG 500G. I ordered it from Amazon and the triple minutes for life was the main factor in deciding to get this phone.
"This is a really nice phone, plain and simple; IMO, best you can get for the money without a contract. For starters, the screen is excellent. Deep, rich colors, good viewing angle. Hard to believe you can get a screen this good on such a low cost device. As a touch-screen phone, the dialer is responsive and the call quality is clear as a bell (in my area, anyway). For messaging, you get a very nice landscape mode qwerty virtual keyboard. Tracfone is pretty generous with their messaging allowance: 3 texts = 1 minute deduction. The mp3 player is also very good; I don't have one, so the ability to do double-duty was important to me. It has all the features you'd expect (sort music by artist, album, track, genre, playlists, album art, etc). You need a micro-SD card to load music, as well as a microUSB cable. Before you buy a new cable, try the ones you have. I was able use my Kindle cable, no problem. The phone includes a standard 3.5mm jack (nice), so you can use any earphones you want, from el cheapo to high-end. Using some pretty good-quality headphones, I did detect some background hiss when starting/stopping my mp3's, so if you listen to soft music, or classical, for example, you should keep that in mind. Also, be sure to create a ""My Music"" folder on the micro-SD and place all your music files there; that's where the MP3 player initially looks for your music. The phone does support ""apps"", albeit not Apple or Android apps, but rather Java apps. Just search Google; there's plenty out there, just no central ""app store"". The best way to load apps is with the data cable; download to your computer first, upload to the ""Other Files"" folder on the micro-SD (that location is important), then just browse to the folder on the phone and select the java "".jar"" file. The app will install automatically, after which you can access it from the built-in ""Games & Apps"" tool. About web-browsing: let me say from the outset that I wouldn't try to use this phone for heavy web browsing--frankly, at 2.5G (""Edge"") it's just too slow and the screen is a little too small. But if you get the right browser, it's perfectly competent for light Internet access; I suggest Opera-Mini, which is pretty fast and includes its own virtual keyboard (the built-in browser only offers the T9 keypad; it's basically worthless). Tracfone is a little less generous for web access: 2 minutes of browsing = 1 minute deduction. You can certainly check the headlines, the weather, etc, and get off quickly without using an inordinate amount of your minutes. But I'm at a loss to understand why this phone isn't 3G, which would make browsing--even on the small screen--a whole lot more practical. I upgraded from a 2-year old samsung tracfone (just a basic flip phone) and even it was 3G! Go figure. I won't go into basic operations of the phone or built-in tools; other reviews cover that territory pretty well. I guess my only complaint is that you only get one home page for apps; the second home page is reserved for contacts, which I don't find all that useful. One more thing, the touch-screen is not capacitive like the iPhone, it's resistive, so you need to press it a little to make selections or scroll. It's quite responsive, but does take some getting used to. For scrolling, here's a tip: use your finger nail, not your finger tip. That way, you won't accidently select something. Oh, another tip, the default theme is ""cartoon""; for a more grown-up look, select the ""black"" theme, which kind of looks like an iPhone."
"If you'll notice, most of the reviews talk about the keyboard, the texting, the internet, the features, the looks-like-a-smart-phone, etc. But few reviewers actually mention the main reason for this item's existence: how is it as a PHONE? I need a phone. I had an old flip Motorola. Unfortunately, Tracfone doesn't offer Motorolas anymore in my area, so I went with this, after reading the good reviews. Reviewers were right about one thing: it's spiffy looking, has lots of features and settings. But it is lousy as a phone. The voices are garbled or cut out horribly, whether incoming, outgoing, or even the voicemail automated message. Reception is bad. And despite being set to NEVER lock, it locks even while I'm listening to a voicemail, so I can't hit ""7"" to delete....I have to first unlock for a couple of seconds, then try to hit ""7"" before the automated voicemail instructional message ends. Or I have to start over."
"Awesome phone for the price!  My husband and I both ordered a Tracfone LG 800G, and both of us are very pleased.  The phone has a lot of features and is very user friendly.  I activated my phone by calling Tracfone, but I activated my husband's phone on Tracfone's web site.  Great customer service!  We can talk, text, email, take pictures, or listen to music.  The camera doesn't have a flash, but we knew that from reading other reviews before buying.  In spite of not having a flash, we were both able to take pictures indoors in bright light.  The phone also comes with an MP3 player, but we have not used that feature yet.  For under $40 and no yearly contract, we have great phones with triple minutes.  Now you can't beat that!"
"I've had the LG800G Prepaid phone for 3 months now with NO PROBLEMS. I use it for googling, txting, bluetooth and I bot the mini SD card, computer cable, screen cover and rubber case all for less than $15--sold separately.  U will have to have to get the SD card for it if you want features like the MP3 to work. And you will need the computer USB cable for it to connect the SD card to your computer so you can transfer music files. It came with 20 FREE minutes initially which were good for 2 months and then  I bot 2 60 minute cards since then which added 3 more months EACH so I dont have to add any more minutes till December and its March now!  BUT the cool thing is that I buy the $20 (60 min=180 cuz I get triple minutes) prepaid cards at Warehouse Club who sell them for $18 (instead of $20) cuz Im a business member.  Moreover, I love the TRIPLE MINUTES (thru Tracfone) that came with the phone and how they roll over if you dont use them all up--as long as you add more minutes b4 your service days end.  I blew my font up to large so I can see my txts without my glasses (which I couldnt do on my old phone) I get all my txts and calls now which was also a problem with my old contract company. I quit my contract phone with ""V"" to buy this tracfone and easily activated it online within a couple minutes.  It has tons of features that I use in my business daily.  It has 3 different types of keyboards u can activate on the screen: 1.full querty--like a typewriter, 2. traditional keyboard--where you push a number btwn 1-3X to get a desired letter and 3.I can HANDWRITE my text on the screen with my finger!! Camera and Video work great too. I love how I can set the phone to autoLOCK the screen if I want to so it doesnt dial in my purse and I like how it fits in my purse and is not like the more popular phones out there that are like holding a shoe up to your ear.  This phone is perfect for me.  Plus Im saving a TON of money every month, I LOVE IT!!  It really helps in this economy. I have NO COMPLAINTS at all."
"How about that. A Tracfone that can get me texting. ME, who resisted it for so long. Today I traded texts with my son, my wife's BFF, and my wife. Even sent and received pictures. Awesomeness!"
"I like this phone for everything except 2 things: making phone calls, and keeping time.  That's right, it sucks for phone calls.  Why?  Because it has that really infuriating feature all touchscreen phones have, only worse -- it automatically locks the screen within seconds.  Yes, it can be unlocked, but it locks again within seconds.  Over and over.  And you can't turn off the feature.  Imagine making a call to any business with an automated response interactive system, and you keep having to unlock it, press the dial pad icon, then press the number for a response, all within seconds.  Now imagine having to do that while trying to be handsfree.  I don't care what the overreactive, irrational justification (a solution in search of a problem) was for this feature, not being able to turn it off is unacceptably to-the-bone-marrow stupid.  The other boneheaded feature of Tracfone's software is that the world clock is wrong.  And can't be corrected.  It shows my area, Washington, DC, as being an hour behind New York City.  I mean, is this phone a microcosm of the intellect of today's world or what?"
"I rate this at 5 stars because I am rating it for what it is: An inexpensive smart phone for use with Tracfone service.  It is not made to be an iPhone and I did not expect it to be.  Actually, I was surprised at all it can do.  My wife & I have been using Tracfone for years and it is a great, inexpensive alternative to the big cell phone companies.  And now we have decent phones.  The great thing is that Tracfone uses the large companies service at a reasonable price for those of us who don't use a cell a lot but still want to have one."
"If you do not have fast reactions you may never retrieve a Voice Mail message. This phone has a 5 second keyboard lock. For most functions this is fine as you do not wish to be accidentally selecting other functions when in the middle of a conversation. For Voice Mail, you dial 1, listen to the message, unlock the keyboard, select the keypad & select a 1 in order hear your message & do all the in 5 seconds.  It takes practice & a quick hand."
After using a Tracfone 500c phone that lost service in Chicago I wanted a reliable replacement. After purchasing LG 800G I was disappointed to see small phone. Quirks I found challenging included constant locking of screen. However the phone screen uses excessive battery juice because the volume buttons and screen activate from light contact with phone case or my back pack fabric. This is true when placing phone in pocket. The text entry screen keyboard does not offer qwirty when searching for contacts. I found the colorful screens and icons visually appealing but difficult to navigate because my touch caused mistakes. Small phone size is difficult for an adult to hold without dropping. Same is true for making phone calls. I may go back to a 500G phone because I liked many of it's features.
"I've been a satisfied Tracfone customer for 3 years using an old Motorola 376G phone.  Thought it was time to upgrade so I purchased the LG800G (big mistake).  When trying to dial out I continously get an error message ""emergency calls only"".  Also can't recieve calls.  After 90min with Customer Service (India) taking the battery in & out, repowering the phone a dozen times, and attempts to reprogram it, they said they would ship another phone and I was to return the old phone - ok fine.  Eight days later nothing had arrived.  So I emailed Cust Serv.  They replyed no phone was coming & to call them again.  I called again & they wanted to spend another 90min reverifying the failure.  Additional phone problems include being told I have messages but not being able to retrieve them.  In summary, it's a throw away phone & I'm out $49 & very poor customer service.  I recommend you Google 'LG800G problems' before spending your money on this phone."
I MUST update my review.....IT IS NO LONGER A POSITIVE REVIEW FOR THE LG800
"I loved the features so I immediately bought 3 more for my family. 3 out of the 4 phones shut off unexpectedly and can't be restarted unless you remove the battery. Each time this has happened the phones have been fully charged. So you might think your phone is on but surprise. Also, I use the alarms every day. On 2 of the phones at least 25% of the time after the alarm is stopped the phone stays on the the Alarm Off page and the only way to get off it is to take out the battery. You can't even turn the phone off when that screen is stuck on. The people with the other 2 phones don't use the alarms so I don't know if they also have the problem. Lots of people must be having these problems and just be putting up with them like I am because the phone is so cheap and with triple minutes so inexpensive to use. This is a really, really crummy, badly made item."
"I have had the LG800G Tracfone for about four months and have differing thoughts.  It is a good deal for a touch screen.  When it first came out, the price point was at $59.99.  Now (July 2012) it is at $49.99.  When I got mine through the Tracfone website, it was at $39.99.  Amazon is offering it for $32.99, which is a good deal.  The phone is easy to use and for a prepaid phone is a giant leap for the technology available.  Everything about the phone is fantastic except for texting.  There is no stylus provided with the phone and texting with your fingers is difficult.  There are different methods of texting input.  You can use the ABC method like the older analaog phones were.  You can use the QWERTY keyboard, which is difficult to do unless you use a pencil or other ""stylus"".  You can use the hand writing method.  I have been told that I print like a walking typewriter (Thanks to Mrs Foster my fourth grade teacher).  Even with this, I have to attempt up to five times to get a ""T"" not to register as a ""J"".  Be careful also about how you carry the phone when not in use.  The touch screen is very sensative and could engage when you don't want it to.  It is also annoying when getting a call.  As soon as you get the call, the screen goes into the lock mode and you have to hold the unlock icon if you need to press any keys for input, (Like when the prompt comes for you to enter 1 for this or enter 2 for that).  I do like the phone for daily use.  I just can't text with it.  Tracfones are relatively inexpensive so I have a second one that I use for texting.  My friends and family have gotten used to me having more than the one phone number.  Is it a Smart Phone?  It could be with the right apps.  Tracfone is pretty ""propriotary"" with their software and can only be downloaded through their sites so you are very limited on what you can do.  I am retired now and do not use my phone as I used to but like to have an upgrade from the ""clamshell"" type of phones.  If you can use a phone with touchscreen but again do not use the phone as your PC, this one is good.  If you use your phone for texting, this one could really slow you down.  Make sure you know what you are getting into when you get this one.  I might just retire this one into one of my desk drawers and go back to my LG500C.  After writng this review, I have done just what I said I might do.  Retired the LG800G into the top right drawer of my desk and used my LG500G I got from Amazon.  I hope this helped you make your decision of getting this phone or not."
My wife and I previously owned two phones that were about 10 and 15 years old respectively.  We both purchased this phone as TracFones and could not be more pleased.
"-The auto lock keeps appearing when you are using voicemail. You can only turn off auto lock when using features outside of a call or voicemail.  I understand the purpose of the auto lock is so you don't accidently make a call while the phone is in your pocket, but it's clearly a bad design flaw. The problem with voicemail is you need to access the dial pad and the auto lock screen keeps popping up and getting in your way.  One tactic is to hold your finger on the on/off button on the top of the phone when the pop up lock screen comes and it will take you back to the dial pad."
I have had a cell phone since the early 1990's so I have had quite a bit of experience with them.  I purchased this model since I no longer need it for my job and could not justify the expense and poor service of a major players phone service.  I thought this model would provide me with the basic calling features.  While it appears to have many of the features of a sophisticated device it is a nightmare to use.
"Didn't buy ours at Amazon but at Shopko for about same price(on sale). Other review I read said it all....poor mans perfect cell phone. triple minutes for life. Lot of nice features and battery hold a very long charge even with wife and daughter playing around with them learning the new functions. Waiting for my old motorolla to die and i will get the same. Bought 2, 1 for the wife and 1 for my daughter and they love'em!Let the rest pay $45 to $85 a month on cell phone contracts....I'll get the same service and features for less than $20 a month with NO CONTRACT! If I break it or lose it, no big deal,...only out $30."
Great price for a smartphone and if you ignore limited Java apps compared to a iPhone and lack of pinch & zoom this phone has a fantastic feature set I really think it's like 3/4's of what I wanted in the iPhone plus its pre-paid and out of 20 or more GSM phones The 1st one to get all the signal bars at my house. Go see some you-tube review videos. I might buy a spare!
"If you get the latest software on your phone, there are no issues with it.  The touch screen works perfectly.  The keyboard can be T9 or toggle to Qwerty keyboard (T9 can be deactivated) with the latest software.  I'm a 215 lb guy and had no issues typing on this phone.  It's fine for the price."
"I love my LG 800G tracfone and have recommended it to several friends. It's easy to navigate, does most things a smart phone does, and has a long battery life. Love the slim design and touchscreen. My favorite feature is the ability to write on the screen and it converts it to text. How kewl is that? Haven't been able to find it in any stores, so am grateful it was available online at such a reasonable price!"
Edited comment late Sept 2012
"We just bought & set up 2 of these phones, upgrading from a 4 yr old LG240 & Motorola W317. Great little phone, brings us into the modern world! Took a whale to set up service but Tracfone CS Reps were very responsive & helpful. We were able to transfer our old numbers to the new phones & set up voice mail after some work. Then it took another day or so to transfer music files & pix to the new phones (hint-quicker to transfer files to memory card via PC than bluetooth files to the phone. Not having a cable, I used my card reader to transfer files & that worked just fine & was pretty quick). VERY COOL! Now I can show our vacation pix to ppl & carry the little phone around listening to tunes, like a little Ipod! The only REALLY SUCKY thing is the stupid lock that appears when trying to access voice mail THAT WILL NOT GO AWAY!!! The only remedy for this is to hold a finger close to the on/off button on the top right of the phone, pressing the on/off button unlocks it quicker than trying to use the touch unlock feature. Also not as good reception where we live as the old LG phone-which had 4 bars, here we get 2 bars on ROAM only in the kitchen, the rest of our house has no reception. Hopefully any missed calls will go to voice mail! Other than that, we are very happy w/these phones & can't wait til Tracfone comes out w/one of those fully smart phones w/better reception for those of us that live in rural areas. We are not big cell phone callers/texters so the Tracfone plan W/TRIPLE MINUTES FOR LIFE is the BEST deal out there. My husbands old Tracfone costs us about $100.00/YEAR while mine runs about $150.00/year (our old phones had DOUBLE MINUTES FOR LIFE)"
"I bought this phone with tripple minutes.  Bought 400 minutes and got 1200.  I set it up and FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS TO ACTIVATE IT USING THE PIN NUMBER PROVIDED, and it was operating within 15 minutes. Including the cost of the phone, air time is about 8 cents per minute.  Texting costs 3 tenths of a minute, or about 2.4 cents per message.  I don't expect to use more than 100 minutes per month, so in the second year, the phone will be paid for, and the cost will be down to 4 cents per minute.  The LG 800G phone has a good size touch screen and many great features.  The touch screen keypad is excellent for easy texting, and the characters are large enough that I don't need my reading glasses to read or send messages.  I don't use the browser much, but the browser button is easy to hit by accident, so I set the screen to turn off after being idle for 20 seconds, and I also click it off with the external button when I finish a call.  I use a belt holder and a soft case.  Perfect combination.  Very pleased with this purchase.  My wife is planning to replace her cell phone with one of these."
"Got this phone for a 10 year old who had a net 10 phone and wanted an upgrade.  The phone is new so I can't speak of its longevity but the phone number ported over to tracfone(owned by the same co) in about an hour.  Airtime purchase was automatically tripled so no problem there.  Hopefully it will continue to perform this way.  I have had tracfones for many years and really never had terrible problems with them and for the triple minute value, it's a good deal.  Thanks to other reviewers for posting tips and how to get the most out of the phone.  I think with a little practice, he will enjoy it a lot!"
In a nutshell:
"The  LG800G  suits  me fine.  Though a  full time qwerty  keyboard  would be ideal  the touch  keyboard works so  much better than  the old flip  phone  so  it really  isn't an  issue.  The ability to  put  my frequently called  numbers  in  quick  dial  is  a joy.  Read  the reviews  many  are a real  laugh. The  complaints  from  others: ""it is not  an  iphone""  oh gee  it is a $50 phone.  The  camera  is 2mp  sooo  that is why  I  have a DSLR and a few  quality lens  to  take pictures with. I see people in  our National  parks taking  photos with their cell  phone...  really  a  once in a lifetime  event and you  use a cell phone to take photos."
"I have had this phone for 10 days.  It was  annoying that TracFone or their vendor would repeatedly text me to promote their airtime cards.  Yesterday alone, I received three such promotional texts from 360 460 8637.  If you know how,  please let me know how to stop this unwanted solicitation.  Those text messages cost me MY air minutes!!!  It is crazy that they would make customers pay for their spams."
