This unit was tested on a Windows 7 Home Premium desktop workstation.
Setup of the printer was reasonably easy though there was a lot of tape holding things closed/in place to remove and it took a while to find and remove it all. Software installation under Windows 7 went without a hitch but even though I hadn't set up the printer for faxing the fax monitoring software was set to run at start-up. This unnecessary utility was easily turned off.
"I'm not quite sure what else you could be looking for that you won't find with the WF-2540? Epson has made a top of the line, ink jet multi-function printer, perfect for a small office or home use that gives you wireless connectivity."
"I used to repair PC's and always dreaded the call when some would start by saying ""My printer..."""
This is tentative 5 stars as I just got this today.
I tested this machine on an Apple iMac. I obtained very good results. There were some issues specific to use with Apple computers. I get this a lot.
You'll love this printer for the first few weeks... until you start running out of ink... and you always seem to be running out of ink. Only then will you get it.
In my experience the fatal flaw with all the low end printers is their small lifespans. I have yet to have a printer last more than 18 months without failing on me. But at least so far it seems good. Setup went pretty painlessly. My only objection so far is the dismally slow scanning rate. Over a (pretty fast) wifi connection it was taking several minutes to scan a page. In comparison my 18 month old Canon $70 printer would scan a page in a matter of seconds over the wifi connection). Scanning to a USB is faster but still quite slow in comparison. The rest remains to be seen.
"I have used Epson printers for over 10 years, so when the time came to buy a new one it was a no-brainer.  I ordered the WF-2540 and paid for next day delivery from Amazon.com.  It arrived on time but as I was setting it up it automatically started downloading a firmware update from Epson.com.  In the middle of the download the printer died. I contacted Epson support who informed me that the update had destroyed the printer but they would be happy to send me a replacement in 10-14 days but only if I provided a credit card for them to charge it to and they would refund the money when I returned the dead printer. And when I asked what would stop the replacement from doing the same thing I was told ""nothing."" I immediately hung up and contacted Amazon who offered to next-day air a replacement or give me a full refund (including shipping). When I opted for a refund, Amazon threw in a $10 gift card to compensate me for the inconvenience.  Epson could learn a lot about customer service from Amazon.com! I am done doing business with Epson but will continue to shop at and recommend Amazon.com."
"The first thing I really like about the Epson WorkForce 2540 is the size. This fits nicely on my desk with my laptop. These units, especially older ones with these functions, need their own little table, but this one is a nice, convenient size and works very well on my desk top."
"I already own two Epson Inkjet printers, a WorkForce Pro WP-4020 and an Artisan 800."
"This little machine came packed in a stout cardboard box with plenty of protective styrofoam, plastic and easy-to-remove tape.  Set up out of the box was pretty simple, with easy to follow directions on the order in which to do things.  The installation of the ink cartridges was simple, and there are pictures to guide as to which is the business end of the cartridges."
"The Epson WF-2530 has been my best printer to date. I recently purchased a NX430 ""Small In One"" and was quite satisfied, even without the fax function. Yet this little printer (which is incredibly small for an ""all in one"") has won my heart many times over! As with the whole line of Epson printers you get everything you need to get started. With the Epson WF-2530, your driver package & firmware are bundled into your software. This wasn't the case previously, you had to go to the Epson site (usually after something went wrong) to update. This is a hassle free improvement! Updates are automatic from the Epson site unless you choose to switch them off (NOT recommended!)."
Pros:
""
"I just set this printer up today, and I like the attention to detail from Epson. Like another reviewer, I'm replacing a finicky (and expensive) Artisan 800 printer with this one. I'm hoping that this printer will have much better longevity than the Artisan, but at less than half the price, it's worth a shot. (NOTE: I did receive this printer as part of the Vine program)."
"I had this printer for 2 months before it quit working.  I called Epson who mailed me a refurbished replacement that also didn't work. I've now spent a total of about 2 hours on the phone with their customer service reps, being passed from one person to the next. Very Frustrating.  Thanks Epson."
"For the price, you get a lot: wireless printing; printing from a USB storage device; color printing; scanning; automatic feed; USB hookup (if you don't have wireless); copying; and fax. The fax may be marginal in value since faxing is rare in this wireless world of Dropbox, email and the Internet ""Cloud."""
"The machine that was delivered shut down after 3 copies.  We called Epson Customer Service who, after trying to diagnose, agreed to send us a replacement.  Not only did they charge us $100 which they would hold ransom until the old one arrived back at their factory, but they sent a refurb (no original packaging)."
Useless.  Printed and copied at such a slow rate that I might have as well written printing documents out by hand.  If I hadn't thrown out all the boxes u would have sent it right back.  Live and learn
This printer is fine except for one thing - the ink cartridges last half as long as normal (maybe less). I've had printers with multiple ink cartridges for many years but I've never had one that required an ink cartridge EVERY DAY.
The biggest problem with this printer is that you cannot buy refilled or refill cartridges.  Each has a special chip that only allows one time use.  Refills are very expensive.
"The only reason I gave this print one star is that there is no setting on the print window for ""draft"" or ""economy"" printing. It uses a lot of ink and there's nothing I can do about it. When I can afford it, I'm getting rid of this one and getting one that's highly-rated by consumer reports for ink usage."
"This printer is a great value for the money. It is the fastest printer I have ever used, at work or at home. A really cool thing about this printer is that when you register it, it receives its own unique email address, so that you can send text or photos from any source to the email address and they will be printed remotely. Awesome feature. Another nice bonus is that there is a rear feeder, so you can print envelopes or legal sized paper materials."
"I like the Epson WorkForce line of printers.  I have a similar printer that I use in my small office.  They are consistently reliable, easy to set up, wireless, fast, nice looking prints (photos included), and relatively quiet.  Plus, the price is great!  The only problem I have with ANY printer is the cost of ink.  However, I don't see that as a plus or minus with the Epson product.  It is consistent with most other machines on the market."
"If you are only printing, and not printing too much, this printer should be just fine.  If you are printing more than a dozen or two pages a day, this printer is just not adequate - it's just too slow."
"I have generally been very happy with my Epson printers, and this one is no exception. The set up was fast, there are a lot of use options, and the quality of the output is good. I often use my printer as a copier, and in this area the Epson really shines because it has so many settings to control how light or dark you would like the copy to be. What this means is that even if the background of the page you want to duplicate is not white, you can avoid wasting ink that would go towards darkening the copy's background by making the copy setting lighter. My last printer, an HP, only had three dark/light settings, not enough to enable me to copy sheets that have a color background without using up a lot of ink. The Epson also holds the setting you put it to from use to use, while my last printer used to default back to its darker setting even in the middle of a copying or printing job. I generally keep the printer on the lightest ink setting, and it uses that for both copying and printing. The result is completely readable--it's just like printing in the draft mode without having to dig through software menus to find it. (If you leave the printer on its lightest ink setting and then print in Word's draft mode the result will be almost too light to read.)  Buying ink cartridges is what makes printers expensive, so being able to reduce ink use is a money saver."
The first printer jamed shortly after I put it into use and technicians were unable to repair it.  I received a new unit which is working properly only to find out if one of four color cartridges run out of ink it will not print until a new cartridge is installed.  It will not even print black.  So be sure to have plenty of all colors ink on hand or you are out of luck printing.  I think this is a design fault.
"I've previously avoided multi-function devices on the basis that, at least historically, they didn't do any one of the functions extremely well. Things like scanning were better handled by a dedicated flatbed scanner, and dedicated inkjet printers produced sharper text and better pictures. That being said, I'm very impressed with the WF-2540. I even liked it enough to recommend it for my in-laws, though they went with the nearly identical WF-2530 model."
that fact that you can print from anywhere without wires is nice and the email printing is great but its very slow to make copies.
"This is my first ""wireless"" printer. Having the option to go wireless has been great and I find myself wondering how I went so long using computers/tablets/etc... without using this option. That being said, the printer does what the company claims and it makes fine copies, prints, scans, etc... However, I have not tried the fax feature as I have no need for that, but given the overall quality of the other features I am sure it likely does the job well. It is nice to be able to print from my tablet as well - a feature that I think I enjoy the most. Definite 5 stars from me."
"I was very pleased at the size of this printer as it puts a lot of power into a very small footprint.  This is the fourth Epson printer I have tried and I have found all of them to print consistently well and be very easy to set up and use.  Wireless connectivity is great, even over a fairly wide range across my house."
"When I got this, it was priced MORE than the Workforce 545 (which I already had) so I figured it would be better, not bothering to read the specs. Big Mistake."
"This Epson unit fits my electronic and computer illiteracy right on.  I rate electronics by 4 questions: 1. How simple to set-up, 2. How well does it work, 3.  How much does it cost to operate, 4.  How long does it last?"
Since there isn't a rear manual sheet feed on mine...
"This is a great printer. I does exactly what I need, including scanning and faxing. A great printer for a small business."
"Love the printer, but the black ink doesn't last very long!  Prints nice copies.  Would recommend but be sure to buy xtra black ink cartridges."
Inks only last about 80 pages on an 70% covered color print. That's roughly 50 cents per page. Say buying the XL cartridges would give you 2x the printing...that's 25 cents per page.
I use it for home use and so far it has done everything I needed. I like the fact that it has individual ink cartridges that are inexpensive. If I run out of one color that is all I have to buy.
"This printer is very fussy about ink cartridges --I have never had this much trouble with a printer before.  It has just stopped in the MIDDLE of a 30 page job and told me the black ink cartridge isn't ""recognized"".  This has happened over and over and over again.  I think I will just go back to an HP --it was noisy, but always worked.  I have never been irritated enough with any product to write a negative review, but these chronic problems have pushed me over the edge!"
