"The Nintendo Wii is the most inexpensive of the current generation of gaming consoles. It provides motion sensing controllers and 480p graphics. We tested the Wii before its launch day (I'm a game reviewer), and we had our own unit in our home the morning of launch day. Here are our findings."
"I have owned almost all of the game systems that have come out except for a few of the Nintendo.  I just was not a big fan. These days I'm a huge XBOX 360 fan.  When I saw the controllers for this new system I though if Nintendo pulls this off it will be huge for them.  I decided to give the system ma try and waited in line for 13 hours at Wal-Mart with my 9 year old daughter. She loved the wait and interacting with all the other people waiting for the release. By the time we got it home that night we were both to tried to hook it up that night so it stay in the box till the next morning.  The hook up was easy.  I spent the money on 3 extra controllers and nunchucks and Trauma center (which I haven't had a chance to play yet) and Zelda.  The game that comes with the unit was one of the smartest decisions by a company I have ever seen.  This reminds me of pong back in the 70's when everyone at least tried playing the first video games ,because the games are so easy to play that everyone can and will be talked into playing them.  I can't wait to get my 76 year old mother year to play some golf and bowling. We had friends over on Sunday to watch the Bears-Jets game.  They are not video game fans to say the least and made fun of me for sitting in line for 13 hours.  I talked them into trying the system and then had to talk them into getting off the system because the game was starting and they were having too much fun playing a video game.  They apologized to me for making fun of me waiting inline for that long."
"The true battle of the gaming consoles began months before last Christmas. Beginning about October, and definitely by Black Thursday - the Friday shopping day after Thanksgiving, television, newspapers, and every advertising medium were filled with articles and advertisements for the new gaming consoles coming out just in time to put under the Christmas tree."
"By the time I was able to locate and purchase a Wii, I had read various reviews of the new console. Needless to say, the consumer reaction had my expectations set pretty high. I quickly found that the Remote and Wii combo fully lives up to everythig that I have read."
"Just picked this up during the midnight launch at Wal-mart, so far it's 3:45AM PST and I have to say that I'm totally impressed by Nintendo's latest effort though at first the new control may feel foreign after not more than just a few minutes it feels natural incredibly fun and after a little bit you'll never feel like going back to a regular controller again. I asked my cousin who was w/ me during the launch if he'd get a Wii and he said ""no"", but that all changed as we hooked it up and started playing Wii sports. All of a sudden it went from ""no"" to ""what games are there"" etc. Try this and I guarauntee(*sp) that you will be impressed by this revolutionary new system that places gameplay above nice shiny eye candy which unless you've been living under a rock should know by now that that's not what the Wii's all about. I just also wanted to add that I'm not just some Nintendo fanboy trying to butter this system up as I also own a 360 and also plan on owning a PS3 when the right games come out for it, pure and simple I am a gamer and don't care for one particular system over another as long as it has the games to back it up. For those that are skeptical stop doubting this is the real deal and at a price ($250) that can't be beat by any of Nintendo's competitors this is something that will entertain the entire family regardless of age, gender etc. For about $350 I picked up an extra controller set(wii remote and nunchaku)and a copy of Zelda (try getting anywhere near that much w/ any other system). I'll admit that when Nintendo had finally shared its strategy to the world a while back I was skeptical as well until I saw the videos for it and knew from than on that Nintendo was truly onto something great. Another cool note is that if you have a Gamecube controller lying around you can actually use that for playing the library of old school games that come from the Wii shop (which can be purchased w/ Wii points)instead having to go out and buy the new Wii retro controller (nice touch) some old school games can also simply be played w/ the remote.  Also unlike the almighty Microsoft point the Wii points are on equal terms w/ the dollar so 100 Wii points equals $1 etc. You can purchase those online in the Wii shop by 1000 point increments(I believe) up to 5000 points. Prices for NES games are 500 points 800 points for Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo games and 1000 points for N64 games. Right now though the library is fairly limited  offering no more than a few titles (no more than 5)for each console. The bottomline though is don't miss out on this revolutionary product it is definately worth at least a try before you dismiss it as a clever gimmick and is truly one of the best systems to come out in years(IMO) and a breath of fresh air to the staleness which are controllers."
"Ok, you've seen the advertisements. You've looked at the Xbox 360 and the PS3. Now, you are wondering how the least expensive next gen game console compares to its more expensive competition. Nintendo's Wii not only performs well, it exceeded all of my expectations as far as being a fun game machine."
"Right when I picked up the controller and began playing this game, I immediately started having fun. The only game I've played on it so far is Wii Sports, and I can't stop! I've had friends over and we play all of the games. Even golf (a sport I suck at) was fun for me! It's really a game for all ages. My 5 year old nephew has played everything and is actually doing better than most of the adults. He has also tried racing games and even my mom has bought a game for herself (that's an accomplishment since she's definitely not the video game type)."
"I've had my Wii for 24 hours now, and my first impressions are that this system is going to revolutionize video gaming.  There are a few things that make the Wii worth buying more so than the XBox 360 or Playstation 3:"
"Everyone can understand how to play, and everyone has fun playing... My father, who hates video games as a way of spending time and money thinks that the wii is great, and was like a little boy playing it.. (he's 55).  My mother even tried it out and enjoyed it.  The wii, when used as its intended with you getting up and swinging the remote will give you a nice bit of exercise.  in wii sports, (comes with the system), boxing tennis bowling and the various training and fitness tests that go along with the games can have you working up a sweat.  zelda is great too, for the serious gamer.  $250 is well worth the price, video games are fun again, and you can get everyone involved!"
"Let me start out by simply saying that, despite what you may have read in many of the reviews here, the Wii is not a perfect console.  It is not a bad console, but it has more than its own share of flaws.  For many prospective customers these flaws will not amount to much.  To others however they can be pretty serious."
"I figured there's so many people writing BS reviews I'd throw a real review up.  I picked mine up at Wal-Mart, and I'm JUST reviewing the system + Wii Sports (haven't played the other games)."
"You'll have to try it out for yourself, but from my full 24 hours with the system, I have a pro/con list:"
"I don't think it is fair to compare the Wii to the more pricey Xbox 360 or the PS 3. There is no question that the graphics in the two latter systems are superior to that of the Wii's. However, what I can tell you from my personal experience of being a Wii owner now for about 36 hours is that after 5 minutes of playing the tennis game that's part of the Wii Sports disc that's included with the console is that THE GRAPHICS REALLY DON'T MATTER! I have found that this NEW INTERACTIVE style of gaming has gotten me so involved in the game and acquiring the skills to improve my rating that the graphics just aren't a factor. This qaming system gets you involved beyond sitting in a chair holding a controller. In fact, the best way to play this tennis game is to STAND UP and pretend your controller is a tennis racket and swing your forehands and backhands just as you would if you were really playing tennis. Of course if you want to just sit there, you can but I'm telling you this game really promotes involvement and immersement like I never dreamed was possible for a video game."
"Wow.  Nintendo has finally come up with a gaming console that can be appreciated by both genders and all ages.  From middle schoolers to senior citizens, everyone can find something to love about Wii."
"I have to say first off that I am professor that teaches digital media at SMWC.edu (look it up if you want), it wasnt going to be long before I had to pick up the next gen consoles and start really looking at them physically for next semesters classes on interactive design.  Ive read the stats for months now, know the pros and cons of all of them, can talk long winded hours on each of them.  They all have their strengths.  However, standing here, in my living room, roughly 3 days after hooking up the wii next to the other two next gens, and watching the reaction it gets from my friends, their kids, even their wives/husbands... its really hands down as far as which is getting more traffic."
"Although Nintendo is somewhat of a household name for someone of my age (>40), I never really thought of getting myself a console. If I play games, I always played (and still do) them on a (high-end) computer. All that changed when I first saw the wii demoed shortly before christmas 2006. What intrigued me was their truly innovative game controller design (yes, boys love toys), and the way they integrated into the games (I saw demos from the wii sports series)."
I'm a 40-something dad whose gaming experience can be measured in minutes -- not hours -- so you are getting a review here by a real neophyte.
"We got our Wii on the launch day after spending a few hours in line the previous week to reserve it.  Initially, I wanted to re-sell the unit on eBay and then pick one up for myself next year after the initial kinks get worked out.  I noted the box could be opened and the items removed without breaking any shrinkwrap, so I decided to briefly test out Wii sports and make sure everything was working.  I also invited my wife to try it our since she is not really an avid gamer (other than a few DS games and the Sims/Animal crossing on the Gamecube.)"
"My wife and I purchased this console almost completely because of Wii Sports, watching the videos of people.  It looked so different and so fun that we decided to give it a shot."
"On Christmas, I heard that my little brother had bought my parents a Wii. My first thought was what are my 57 years old parents going to do with a video game system. We went to their house that afternoon and I was totally amazed. The entire family from 57 to 3 was taking turns bowling."
"I just picked up a Wii yesterday along with Marvel Ultimate Alliance, and I love both! I have not owned a game console since the days of original Nintendo and Atari. I felt very left out by the game clearly designed for either young children or obsessive young males willing to spend 8 hours on a couch twitching their thumbs. I loved Wii Sports so much I have a sore arm today from countless games of bowling, tennis and golf. Yep, even golf is entirely entertaining for hours on Wii. Can Xbox or PS say that?"
"I love the whole concept behind the Wii. I read in a magazine about that Reggie guy, everything he gets his hand behind turns to gold. And looks like he's struck gold again."
A bit of disclosure- I was excited about the Wii before I played one. I was camped outside Target all night to ensure that I got one on launch day. So I was All About The Wii.
"Simply blown away.  I must admit, I rarely write reviews, but with consoles being so pricey, we all need to hear enough info to make a decision on which one to go for.  I picked up a Wii on Launch Day - 11/19 along with Zelda Twilight Princess, and here's my take:"
"Like many people, it took me awhile to finally obtain a Wii.  But let me tell you, it was well worth the wait!  I got mine on the day after Christmas.  Setup was a breeze, and everyrhing worked right out of the box.  It took me a little while to get connected to my wireless network, but that was my fault (I was using the wrong password :O()."
"Wasn't really interested when the Wii first came out, kind of thought it was going to be like GameCube and only for kids.  Let's face it, after Playstation 1 came out, I never thought I'd own a video game console made by any other company except Sony.  But then, Sony had to go and turn its back on people who have been supporting it for so long,focusing more on keeping up with its competiton (Microsoft)than it did on making its loyal customers happy. First by charging the rediculous price for its PS3 console, and second by not realizing that people who had PS1's all those years ago have grown up, gotten jobs, had families, and now play games mostly for recreation. We do not have the time to get killed 55 times while trying to complete a single level, nor do many of us have the inclination to play on-line with a bunch of kids who have nothing else to do in their day than play Resistance Fall of man, and who obliterate us the second we come on-line. Not to mention that when my three year-old is awake I don't like to him to see the ultra-realistic violence possible on newer systems. What ever happened to all the fun games, with quick levels that were not so easy as to be childish but were definitely achievable?  Oh, wait.... I know...they are on the Nintendo Wii!! Just got mine last night and also got Wii Play and Bust a Move and they are a blast!!  No, the graphics may not be as pretty as XBox 360 or PS3, but the cost is far more reasonable and the games are very fun.  Some of the games on Wii Play are a little strange, but they all demonstrate the capabilities of the WiiMote and most of all Wii brings the fun back into video games!"
"Nintendo... remember the days of Super Mario Brothers, sitting in front of the television for hours because of the excitement and total awe of the game, feeling like a child again- that is what the Wii is about. Capturing that feeling of gameplay, making it totally interactive, creative, something we've never seen before, we become part of the video game again. The system is smaller than i thought it would be - fits nicely in an entertainment system- very sleek. The controllers are so easy to use and after about 30 minutes you'll wonder how you ever played a game without them. The graphics are beautiful, smooth lines and rounded edges everywhere -no pixelated graphics here. The interface is simple to use, the instructions are self explanatory. If there were ever a system to wait 6 hours on line in Times Square in the cold, it was this one. The experience was not one I'll soon forget and owning the Wii is definitly something I won't regret. As for the price- it beats out the Xbox360 and PS3. It's affordable, innovative, fun for the whole family - kids will love the nunchuck controller and wii sports, swinging the controller around!!! I absolutely love Nintendo because they do a great job putting a high quality on the market that is affordable for everyone and innovative all at the same time. Enjoy your Wii - if you got one before they all sold out that is..."
"OK, I have two kids ones is an active and outdoor person. The other has to be forced outside. We finally picked this game up at Best Buy after waiting in line for two hours in the cold and rain. It was totally worth it. They are both sweating playing this game, it's an exercise machine too. If you are just thinking about this or are on the fence on whether or not to get it, I have to say you need to take the plunge. My son is finally getting some exercise, and my other son is finally learning to interact with computers. It was win/win for me..."
"So we unpacked the console that Amazon.com just sent us, with a mix of excitement and wondering whether our expectations (based on previous superlative reviews) would be met. I have to say, being an owner or every console under the sun, that all the reviews are true."
MY EXPERIENCE
"So far, all the game consoles we have got for my 13 year old has been just for him. Even with some urging from him, I would find it hard to get involved in the games. Not so with the Wii. We got this just ahead of the Memorial weekend and throughout the weekend, we NEVER switched on the TV for watching some show. All of us - myself, my not-at-all-techie-wife and son - got hooked."
"We received our Wii console today from the Walmart bundle purchased on Nov. 1st. After we tucked the kids away in bed mom and dad decided to give the console the official functional/working test so the kids would not be disappointed on Christmas day. First off let me say how impressed we were with the efficiency of the packaging. Everything in it's place with no wasted space and no room to move around and get damaged during shipment. Typical Nintendo quality. Everything packed in foam and plastic in marked boxes labeled 1 & 2. Installation and setup was very easy. The system is tiny and appears to be very solid and well made. We installed the 4 GB SD card that I had purchased from Newegg and the system recognized it with no problems. We attached to our HDTV with the supplied composite cables and proceeded to load up Wii Sports. All I can say is my wife and I have not had this much fun with a video game console in a long time. That remote is something else. Very accurate, realistic and fun. We played with the tennis and bowling before we decided to box it all back up for Christmas. You do need plenty of room for those vigorous swings. All in all were very happy with the purchase. If I had anything negative to say it would be with the cables included. I wish Nintendo had supplied the component video/audio cables for use on HDTV's instead of the composite cable. This system is highly recommended!!"
Below I describe what lead me to the decision to decide for the Wii.
"Like most people who first saw the plans for the Wii, i was mad. I didnt like the idea of this controler that looked like a tv remote with no joystick and some corny motion detection. But, I LOVE zelda. So, like most of you I had to get get a Wii even if it were just for Zelda. Then I started watching the videos on [...], and the video about madden. Just watching the people play made me want one. If you think all the motion detection stuff is to good to be true... cast them aside because NINTENDO did it.. works pretty  much flawless. The remotes also have great range. They also put a power button on the remote so you can turn the system on and off with it... simply amazing and for the price.. unbeatable ( the graphics arnt awful either!)"
"As far as revolutionary goes, this is one of those systems that's a revolution in the video game industry with its unique motion feature and cool design. I actually downloaded a Wii for my sims in The Sims 2 because it seemed so exciting. My Playstation 3 just seems so big and bulky compared to the small and sleek design of the Wii. It looks great with any furniture set and it doesn't waste that much room either. It's not even complicated to set up and if you think so, the instruction booklet explains everything you have to do to set up your Wii thoroughly. Now I'll start with explaining the features of the Wii:"
"I am not a hard-core gamer.  I like to play once in a while, but I haven't been interested in buying a system in years.  The last time I bought one was in 1985 when the original Nintendo was released."
