"As many others have pointed out, this set has great picture quality. However, you will really have to work at it. Out of the box the picture looked awful and I was ready to return this set. Then I was lucky enough to find a review by ""Gordon"" for the Samsung UN32EH5000. I used the exact settings he specified and now the picture looks great. His settings are:"
"Samsung's 2012 line of LCD televisions focuses primarily on switching their backlighting from CCFL to direct-array LED. Unlike CCFL lighting, LEDs don't diminish in brightness over time and have an incredibly long lifespan. Additionally, these sets are significantly lighter than their old CCFL counterparts which makes moving them around easier. However, this model is not edge-lit which means it's not really thinner despite the weight savings. The lights are directly behind the screen (i.e. direct-array), which many video purists prefer since it makes the lighting more even. This model does not support local dimming."
I really love this TV. This is my first flat screen TV. I did a lot of homework before zeroing on this TV.
"The picture on this TV is great.  Even non HD content looks nice, and HD content is outstanding.  I give it three stars because, as of November 2012, the software requires some significant effort to get working completely, and that may not be for everyone."
"SAMSUNG DOESN'T SEEM TO KNOW THIS, BUT YOU CAN OPERATE THIS TV WITH A KEYBOARD. PURCHASE A LOGITECH K-400 KEYBOARD, PLUG THE LITTLE USB ANTENNA INTO THE USB PORT, AND, IN SETTINGS, IDENTIFY THE KEYBOARD. IT WORKS PERFECTLY. THE KEYBOARD HAS A TRACKPAD THAT MOVES THE CURSER."
"The TV is amazing. Retailers such as Best Buy, Walmart etc don't display this TV in their stores because they want you to buy the higher priced LED TVS... This TV is a well kept secret and has all the ""next gen"" features of a SMART HDTV."
"Got the TV couple of days back.Looks good but not a sleek design.It doesn't matter to me .The picture is great so is the sound.Got lot of options and features in this Smart TV.The price may be a little too much at this time, since it's a new model from Samsung.Apart from the price and the size(Like a LCD Tv because of its size)the TV is just amazing so far.Right now I'm using this TV only for streaming movies from VUDU and movies from my PC through the built in LAN.No buffering or whatsoever.Have loads of features,haven't explored all of the features.But navigating the remote is a real junk for web browsing.Flash doesn't work fully as described in the TV features.There was no sound in the site which i browsed using flash.Tried watchespn.com, but could not play the stream.So browsing the web and streaming videos is not entirely complete."
"We were shopping for a quality LED smart TV with built-in wifi (no adapters hanging off the side of the TV) and I think we found it!  The picture and sound are excellent!  It streams HD movies and shows from Netflix flawlessly.  Setup was quite easy and the menus are easy to use.  It's nice having a TV with nothing but a power cord connected to it!  Between Netflix, Hulu, Youtube, and media stored on computers on our wireless network, we never run out of content."
"Just bought this tv and I am thoroughly impressed! It blows the 50"" Panasonic Viera, that I have in my living room, away. The pictures are clearer and sharper. This is truly a high definition tv. I just watched the Michigan State/Boise game on the samsung, and it was awesome. The set up was so easy, all I had to do was to keep pressing the enter button. The internet connection is way better than other ""smart"" TVs I've seen. And the apps work very well. I tried the YouTube app and was impressed by the clarity. It only ""buffered"" once while watching a 5 minute video, and the buffering was just for 1-2 seconds. It also has way more apps than the Panasonic Viera."
My main TV - and thus my comparison point - is a Sony Bravia Z series from 2009.  Here are some things I think are outstanding about the Samsung.  I'll try to only talk about things that aren't mentioned constantly:
"I purchased two of these Samsung 32EH5300s over the holidays, and I am greatly impressed with them.  The ""full-array"" LED lighting makes the TV a bit deeper than the typical edge lit LED TV, but in return you get much more even lighting and an overall better viewing experience.  I was also surprised to see how good the Samsung does with standard def (SD) signals - of course not as good as HD quality but much better than the horrible quality I've seen on some LCD / LED TVs in the past."
Having researched and read all the comments about this TV i went ahead and bought it a month ago.
"Update 4/9/12: Samsung service offered to service the TV finally; however, due to the size their is no on site service.  I would have had to take it to a place about 20 miles away from my house.  I finally have had enough of trying to debug Samsung TV issues.  I returned both of the 5300's that exhibited the exact same issues.  Hooray for Amazon return policies and ease of sending back defect products."
"We were able to connect to our wifi with no difficulty. The picture is fine. When we tried to connect to the dish network, which is wired in to our house, the tv would  not recognize the channel (channel 60 in our case) which has the tv picture. We ran the automatic channel finder many times using the CABLE option. Finally we called Samsung and they recommended runing the automatic channel finder using the AIR option. We did and it recognized channel 60 and now everything is working fine. We hope this will help you if you use DISK or DIRECT TV."
The first thing I was pleased with was the ease of set-up right out of the box.  I purchased this in combination with a Samsung WiFi Blu-ray Player.  The TV automatically went into the set-up wizard and was extremely easy to follow.
"I've had this television up and running for about a week now, and am very happy with my purchase. The picture is excellent and allows for detailed tweaking through the menus. The compact frame around the screen works well to give me the maximum picture size in the limited space of my bedroom."
"I think I love this TV. I just retired a 30 year old Panasonic (which still works just fine)  and replaced it with this Samsung. The set up was easy. I haven't played with all the internet / Smart Hub features yet, but the picture, sound and general set up are very good. I am hard of hearing and the sound on this is sufficient to overcome my deficiency, not to mention the set comes with CC built in."
"I purchased this TV just a year and a few months ago and the power is out. The TV has a known defect with the power capacitors. They heat up and blow up. The cost to repair is more than the cost of the TV so this TV will probably end up in a landfill somewhere. This TV is junk, and I am furious I spent the money and less than a year (+2 months) later, the TV is blown. BUYER BEWARE. Samsung is currently settling a large class action lawsuit over this exact problem with the capacitors. See the following story in DailyTech at the following URL:"
"This is one of a number of Samsung flat screen TVs that I have owned over the past couple of years (including a recent 3D version of this same TV) ... and as a LED HDTV, probably the best quality to date. I particularly like the ""SmartTV"" feature and all the applications available once it is connected to the internet.  This whole ""smart TV/internet capable"" feature available on current TVs is definitely a leap forward.  One feature that was pointed out by a sales person selling me a blu-ray player, was that by buying a different brand blu-ray player than the TV, you are expanding the built-in applications available ... So I paired up this Samsung flat screen with a Sony blu-ray player and have more built-in applications than I know what to do with ... including access to Amazon Prime, which gives you select movie streaming for free."
"Let me start by saying I am not much of a TV watcher. I don't have (or want) cable or dish. I simply refuse to pay the price for something that would be of limited use to me. (I don't want/need 150 channels of junk, shopping, physical fitness, etc.) I do like to watch an occasional movie, so I have a Blu-Ray player."
"I purchased this Smart Television site unseen because of the width of the unit at 29.1"".  I wanted a 32"" screen but in almost every competing set the width of the set would have forced me to remove the doors of a cabinet that would house the unit.  This Samsung was the exception.  Now that I have the set I'm very pleased that I purchased it.  First off the picture quality is outstanding.  I love the fact that it is a smart tv which was a breeze to set up.  Now a little help for all who have this particular tv.  I purchased a Logetech K400 wireless keyboard which allows me to input text using quackery for a fast way to communicate on the internet.  Works like a charm and I purchased the keyboard at Staples for less than $30."
"I was skeptical about buying this television because of some negative reviews, but went ahead and pulled the trigger because of Amazon's great return policy.  So far (three weeks) I have nothing but great things to say about this TV.  It arrived in great shape and I have not had a single problem thus far. At under $900, the picture quality and features make this a tremendous value."
"I have had this TV for about a week now. This is a very good 32"" HDTV. The picture quality is excellent. The sound quality is also very good."
This is a great TV. The sound and picture are great. It has a small profile and is very thin and light weight. The best thing about the TV is the built in wifi. The internet connection is superb. No noticeable blur and the black is very good. Lots of menu options for the picture or you can leave all of the options on auto.
"I noticed a a lot of reviewers mentioned that Amazon video wasn't available on this TV.  I received my TV yesterday and it has an Amazon instant video app that loaded up after updating the Smart hub.  This TV also seems to support a wide range of video formats (.mpeg, .mkv, .divx, .asf etc.,) and has played every video I have streamed over from the computer.  My initial impression of having this TV is quite positive after 12 hours of ownership.  Upgrading from CRT technology makes this TV feel like a huge technological advance."
"It is my first personally owned Hi-Def TV and I enjoy it so much.  The picture quality is awesome and I love the internet capability.  The Smart Hub by Samsung is also an awesome feature, being able to watch Amazon, Vudu and the ability to watch your twitter feed on the tv as your watching a show.  I'm looking for a second Hi-Def TV for another room and it's definitely going to be another Samsung."
"I am 5-star happy with this purchase!  The only thing that was annoying was that it updates itself over the internet slowly and took some time for it to add in the icons for Hulu, Netflix, etc.  I wished there was a selection to do this, but it seems that it just does it automatically at some point during use or when I did something.  So, when you get this unit, be sure to use the system and wait for it to add in all the apps to access Netflix and Hulu and the like."
Awesome picture and a great value.  Lots of flexibility in fine tuning the picture to suit your preferences.  Simple to use but the internet capability is slow and clunky.  Basically worthless.  Web site input via remote is tedious.  Not as thin as larger models but I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a 32 LED TV with a great picture.
"This was a difficult TV to find - Samsung don't seem to be pushing this particular model - but well worth the search. Fantastic picture, great features - and it has THREE HDMI slots - which the 'mainstream' model doesn't - weird decision Samsung!"
The TV is good as far as all the TV parameters are concerned. But this review is about the smart part of it.
"This TV is really goo in terms of Picture Quality, clarity, contrast, colors etc. Don't have any complaints with this model. The problems i observed with this series of TV's are the same as experienced by other users and after few exchange of TV via samsung i observed that these issues are quality control related....."
"update: I took off a star after using the TV awhile, I noticed that the internet related features run slow because the TV is just underpowered by a single cpu core making the cpu the bottleneck and NOT the internet speed (besides I even tried direct ethernet cable approach with a normal average speed of 50Mbps).  The UN40EH5000 is the exact same TV without the internet and it is usually about $50 cheaper, wish I got it.  The internet features can be added to this TV by simply adding an intenet capable blu ray player for less than $100 and it will run FAST.  Also the speakers ARE underpowered, even for my not picky audio requirements. You can fix this easily by addng external speakers but they aren't free.  Also I turn off alot of the power saving features to improve the picture quality, try it, you will see what i mean."
"For the most part I love this TV. However, While I am watching TV on-line, the TV will stop streaming the video and take me back to the page that I chose the show on. Many times I cannot even get through 15 minutes of the show before it ""boots"" me out and I have to start over. Since I wanted and paid more for TV with a web browser, this is a serious drawback to this TV. Unless I can figure out how to fix this, I would not spend the extra money on this TV if I could do it all over."
"It's a Samsung, it carries the quality and features that make it the best HD TV avalible. If your in the market for new TV this line won't let you down, it has the best contrasts and color depths I've seen to date."
"I love Samsung but this T-V. is not 120 Hz . Samsung 120 Clear motion with 60Hz does not count and Amazon has it listed as 120Hz on all filters. There is a pretty large difference , but apparently the didnt care enough to list it separately."
I used to be a big fan of Sony TV's including Sony Internet TVs. But after owning this TV - boy am I pleassantly surprised or what...this TV has everything except 3D - didn't need a 3D TV as 3D channels are hard to come by and personally I don't feel the thrill in playing 3D games with glasses ON - be it Active 3D or Passive 3D (Since 3D TV's are a misnomer and the actual effect is created by the software in the TV unlike in IMAX theatres where the 3D effect is created from the projector and the screen).
"Well its only been in use for six hours, but I am loving this HDTV.  Setup was easy, even screwing in the base.  Measurements were exactly what they said it was so this 32"" replaced my old TV in the same cabinet.  Hooking up the HDMI cable to my Uverse Cable box was easy, the WIFI hookup was easy, connecting up to my Amazon Prime account - easy.  TV picture is fantastic, sound is great.  The picture was great just turning it on.  I watched Pride and Prejuidice (Keira Knightly one) to check out the picture - that's one of the most visually stunning movies I know of - and I was just blown away by how great the picture was.  I did turn it to movie instead of standard.  I also adjusted the setting on the cable box for 1080i.  Other than that, no changes.  I might play with the settings that someone else posted on here, but honestly I don't need to.  This is the best birthday present I could have given myself!  I'll check back in and let you all know how things are going in a few months - but so far - great deal for a great TV."
"I purchased this as a birthday present for my wife.  It replaced an older flat screen that quit working.  It was easy to set up out of the box, only a phillips head screwdriver needed.  The set up program runs automatically when you first start it, the procedure was easy.  I had it connected to my satellite and wi-fi with no problems.  I then connected to netflix to test wi-fi connection and it worked first time.  It has several programs and features that make this set fun to use.  True to Samsung's reputation the picture was sharp, clear and terrific.  Whatever signal you are using whether antenna, satellite, or cable you might need to make some minor color adjustments to fine tune picture quality.  You can navigate the menus with ease.  I referred to the owner's manual only a couple of times and the instructions were easy to follow.  I am extremely happy with the performance of the television and its' features."
"Others have written adequate reviews for which I can add little. Rather, this review is a comment on Amazon's customer service."
"I have owned this T.V. for 24 hours now and I absolutely love it. However, I have one issue that I think EVERYONE needs to be aware of before buying this product:"
