""
"This is not my first Mac computer, and certainly will not be my last. Before I begin, I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy. I have owned many PC computers as well, and like them too. I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro, and each have their own strengths and weaknesses."
"I used to be a die hard windows fan. I was always bashing OSx for the usual things (too expensive, too dumb, et cetera, et cetera), and I never really gave it a chance. Windows 7 was my OS of choice from the day it came out, and I used it on many different computers with (or at least what I thought then) good results. It's certainly not a bad OS but..."
"I purchased the newly updated 13"" MacBook Pro and the newly updated"
"After owning my MacBook for a month I finally feel ready to review it accurately. Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop. I've always been a Windows guy so I've known that you can buy laptops with equivalent specs to Macs for a good deal cheaper. Though after comparing different laptops I was not able to find one that had  a satisfactory build quality. The closest I could find were laptops made by Asus, but even then I read of too many build quality issues that made me uneasy. Ultrabooks made by other companies had good quality, but by then they cost just as much as the MacBook but with lower specs.  So I decided to take the plunge with this MacBook after demoing it in a Apple Store. Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:"
Protip: Upgrade with
"For a premium laptop sold in 2013, the Apple MacBook Pro (13 inch, base model) is about as basic as it gets: no SSD, no discrete graphics, no 1080p display, and no touch screen. But Apple does not pretend it has any of these. What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad."
Apple's released another great MacBook Pro.
"this review is about my personal honest experience, i am not a computer wizard."
You will find iDVD missing from the installed iLife package.
I am really sorry I bought this machine.
This is my first review on Amazon so please bare with me.
The good
"I spent a considerable amount of time researching what laptop to purchase, I was between a Windows 8 or MBP (non-retina and retina).  I physically went to the Apple store and Best buy to compare, aesthetically and build quality there is no windows based laptop that can touch a MBP and the very few that can are almost the same cost."
"I have already posted a similar review for the MBP old version, I am posting the same review here again since my review concentrates on the user interface of OS X. (not too sure whether I am allowed to do post the same review but just thought it could help some people before they switch to OS X)"
"I bought my MacBook Pro 13"" two weeks and I'm amazed by how good this machine is. I was having a though time deciding between the 13"" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13"" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail) I went for the MacBook pro because I needed lots of storage and 128gb on the MacBook Air are just not enough for me and even if I had bought the MacBook Air it would had defeated the purpose of the Air since it wouldn't be so ""portable"" if I had to take an external Hard drive everywhere with me."
"I purchased this Macbook about a week ago, and I have to say that I'm genuinely satisfied. I come from the high-end Windows laptop user base; my previous laptop was a Dell XPS. I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem. If you are considering switching from a Windows computer, do it. I have no regrets. OS X is simply amazing, and while there is a learning curve if you're coming from another OS, it's easy as pie to understand. Everything just works on a Mac. WIth the exception of some games- but with Boot Camp you can install Windows on any Mac.  And this MacBook looks as good as it performs. Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops. This computer exceeds my expectations in almost every category."
"First, let me say that while yes, I do prefer macs over pc- I have primarily been a PC user so I have plenty of past history. I have owned over 6 windows based laptops and several desk tops over the years- everything from Dells, HP, Toshiba, Sonys, and others. I am a heavy computer user. I program, code, design, compile, create, prepare and abuse my machines (unintentionally of course). Regardless of what I do, the PC never seem to last- I have to upgrade, restore, add memory, etc. and now its almost cheaper to just buy new ones rather than fix up something that is 6 months old."
"Like many young professionals in the arts, I needed a mac but I couldn't afford to buy it directly from the source.  I took the time to search product reviews and found that Jay Brokers not only had a strong trend of great reviews (like many people on amazon), but what was unique was that they took the time to positively respond to people who had given them so-so or negative reviews."
"I bought this computer for photography purposes. I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem. It suits me perfectly for what I need and I'm very satisfied with this purchase."
"At first I was quite nervous about buying it, because I've always bought computers from other brands that had Windows system, and I thought that Mac may have a system difficult to work with. But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use. I highly recommended. :)"
"Hello I have received my macbook pro two days ago and  I absolutely love it!! I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS. I am an Animator, Music Director, And A Computer technician. But I mostly do my work on my Mac (editing, creating, and directing). I have no problems yet on my mac so far, and hope it stays like that. I really love the Super Drive, and the two USB's 3.0 features they really help me out a lot. I would Definitely Recommend this computer to people who are looking for good software for video, music, and Pictures. I still don't say that I am a Mac."
"MacBook Pro arrived in the mail yesterday dead on arrival. Won't charge, won't start. Datavision (Amazon's reseller - you're not getting it straight from Amazon) informed me that I could take it to a local Apple Store for a ""replacement,"" which is simply incorrect. An Apple Store would attempt to repair this same unit under warranty. My other option was to mail it, insured, AT MY OWN EXPENSE, back to Datavision for an exchange."
"I have always preferred Windows to Mac, but now that i actually have one i really like the mac. This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more. Very fast compared to the Dells i've always had and very nice display. I love the gestures that the trackpad has. They make the computer so much easier to use compared to other computers and the operating system is very good. i still love the windows operating system but the operating system for this computer is just amazing. The only issue i have with this computer is the price of it but it is worth it especially if you need something that is good for school."
Great product. The macbook pro 13 inch with i7 and 8gb ram is much better that the previous 2 models which had the i7 processor. The fan is very quite and the machine impresses me every time I do some photoshop or video editing work.
I have bought 3 Mac Books in 4 years for my personal use.
"I am usually a fan of all things Amazon.  They really screwed the pooch on this one.  I ordered a new macbook and I got a used macbook, packaged in the very box that they originally sent to ""Kim Nguyen"".  When I turn on the computer, the log-in reads ""Kim Nguyen"".  A shipping label to ""Kim Nguyen"" is super-lamely covered up on the box.  If you're going to try to sell me used merchandise as new, at least use a new box Amazon."
"I'm photographer and like most of the beginners, I started with a very basic computer, actually old... Very old pc (windows 7). Don't misunderstand, I'm not saying I'm super professional and I'm still learning, but I get paid for the job I do (weddings, food photography, etc)"
"Mac computers are the greatest! It's awesome knowing that I can sit down and do my homework online with no popups, no virus, and no distractions. I have had my computer for about four years now and never have had any problems with it. I loved it so much that I decided to get a Mac Book Pro, which is a laptop. Again, no popups or any type of distractions when I'm really trying to focus on line. My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere. The battery life is amazing. I feel like I can be on it all day long without it being plugged into an outlet. It has a perfect size screen and many different USB plug ins so I can always have my phone charging or a hard drive plugged in. It allows me to download any apps that I might need for school or just to have for my personal life. I would recommend a Mac to anyone that is looking for a laptop."
"I am a PhD student, and I need my computer to handle everything from Photoshop to Pymol, and LaTEX to InDesign, and this notebook works perfectly. The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant. I like the little quirks of the latest operating system as well (full screen mode!). I had a Powerbook G4 11.6"" before, and that little beast lasted nearly 6 years (one battery change, RAM upgraded later), and the build quality on that computer was awesome. I mean I accidentally dropped it multiple times, had minor spills on the keyboard, and it still went strong. Finally, it was slowing down considerably last year, and the fan noise kept getting louder, so I was looking for a new laptop. I have always been a fan of Apple laptop's build quality, and the friendliness of the operating system. I am a proficient user of Windows as well, but I always find that the hardware manufacturers always let the operating system down. I compared the quality of Sony Vaio 15"" S series computer at a local Microsoft Store (with Signature), and though the prices for both the Mac and Sony Vaio were very similar, the overall computing experience was far superior on a Mac."
It is wonderful to Buy this laptop from Apple and this is the first time for me to use the system Apple and has no regrets about transformative for Apple. this model especially very distinctive by its potentials wonderful lightweight also I transpire this device for those interested in is speed in performance at the expense of screen resolutionas in Retina display.
This is my first Mac and I couldn't be more in love with it. I've made many digs against Mac people in the past but I now understand why they love Mac because its nice having something that works and doesn't freeze up like my PC would. I also am glad that I have this and not one of those horrid windows 8 computers because that OS is dreadful.
"Yeah, it's super expensive. I'm pretty sure when I bought it, my bank account went 'ouch!' But it's so worth it! I used to be a solid HP person. I loved the way they ran and wasn't a fan of my sister's Macbook Air. But after one busted computer, and another HP that crashed no less than four times (no joke, it was RIDICULOUS) I decided that an Apple was the way to go. I chose the pro because I definitely wanted the cd drive included with the computer. I LOVE IT! Definitely worth the extra money. It's fast, super user friendly, and easier to personalize. I had to use my old hp shortly after purchasing this and couldn't stand it! Once you go Mac, you won't go back!"
"I needed to upgrade to Lion but my old platform (MacBook vintage 2008/9) was not upgradable.  It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.  I chose the MBP over the MacAir because of the extra ports, DVD burner, etc, accepting the extra weight which was not that important to me.  I love the new platform, though it took some getting used to with the Launch Pad and Command Center paradigms."
"Ok before I purchased this computer last July, I owned an 2009 white MacBook that was an introductory  low end MacBook , it was 2g of ram and 160 gb HDD so going from that to an actual PROFESSIONAL machine is amazing ."
"I have a refurbished Black MacBook that I bought in 2007 from the Apple online store. I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about. 6+ years later it's still working just fine, but with a limit of 2 gig of RAM, it was getting a bit slow and behind the times."
This computer should not cost 1000 dollars but judging only the product its a great computer my kids love it
"Excellent product. Excellent performance. The OS is great. I play Counter Strike Global Offensive on it and it was great. Only have to worry about using it. Definitively, I recommend this!"
This is my first Apple computer and I am so pissed off I didn't do it sooner! From a windows computer to this is not a hard process. As long as you know how to use a computer you will be fine. I took me sometime to get used to the new system but definitely worth it! If you ever need to know anything just google it! It is lightning fast and the 500gb memory is more than enough.
This computer is like...
