"Before I picked up my Galaxy S4, I had the Galaxy Note II. I put my Note II up for sale online before my S4 was supposed to arrive, and it sold around two weeks before the S4 was supposed to be released, so for the two weeks before my S4 arrived, I had been living with a Droid X. Keep this in mind during my review, as my findings may have been slightly tainted by the fact that the S4 is such a massive upgrade from the Droid X, which I can hardly consider to be a ""modern phone"" anymore. Anyway, I'd like to go through the S4's hardware (screen, construction, camera, internals) then its software and any miscellaneous things I hadn't mentioned so far."
"UPDATE#1: The battery life seems great, better than on the S3 even though the screen is larger and has a higher resolution than the S3. When I had my S3, I used to lose about ~3-5% of battery every two hours or so but with the S4, I seem to lose about ~1-2% so that's awesome. The phone comes with a ton of bloatware and the only way to get a good battery is by removing all the bloatware. I was getting terrible battery life when I first got my phone but after reading online it seems that everyone suggests removing the bloatware for batter battery life. Like I said in my review, the snapdragon 600 uses very little battery when it is not being used so that's a big plus. I'm a heavy user and when I say heavy user, I mean heavy user. I do pretty much everything on my phone from taking a crapload of pictures/videos, watching YouTube videos, playing 3D games, phone calls and surfing the internet. At the end of the day the phone has about 30-35% of juice left. Also, one thing that I forgot to mention was the speakers on the phone. Samsung decided to move the speakers which used to be at the top near the camera on the S3 to the bottom of the phone which wasn't a good idea if you ask me. You can block the sound coming from the phone when holding the phone with your hand."
"The new Samsung Galaxy S4 is sexy sleek! I love the thin edges and smooth design. as a power user, I appreciate the extended battery life."
"I won't go into much detail but I've owned this phone for the last 3 days and I'm really enjoying everything this phone and Android has to offer.  My previous phone was an iPhone 4 and the only word to describe that phone compared to the Galaxy S4 is BORING. The Galaxy S4 has a great screen and the processor just makes everything run very smoothly.  The 13 megapixel camera and the Samsung software are a joy to use.  There are so many features to play with and some I admit I will never use.  Plenty of bloatware from Verizon and Samsung but I think I can survive with 9 gb of internal memory.  I just popped a 64 gb card for photos and I think I'm set.  Many reviews out there complain of the plastic Samsung uses but once you put a cover on there, you'll never know what the phone is made of just like a covered iphone or HTC One.  I highly recommended this phone especially if you're an iphone user on the fence about making the switch."
"I've been waiting for this phone for months, while also planning on switching carriers at the same time. Here's what I like about the phone:"
"Some background on me:  I bought into the Android hype from the beginning, buying a Droid Milestone (the OG Motorola Droid slider.)  It was a neat device, but riddled with SO many software bugs and hardware that just could not run such a hefty operating system.  I gave up on Android, and switched to an iPhone 4S in 2011.  In late 2012 after a series of iTunes fails, I switched to a Droid Razr M.  A great device and epic battery life in a small package, but a crummy camera and Android definitely needs the 2GB of ram.  OK, enough about me, the phone:"
"If you are reading this, you are likely debating between this and the HTC Droid DNA and the Note II (the only three 4 core phones currently available on Verizon).  I have used all three and like all three for different reasons.  I like the pen on the Note II and my wife is completely in love with hers, but I would never use one.  It is just too big and it is not 1920x1080.  My reason for switching from the DNA to the S4 is so esoteric, I am not sure it really applies to 99% of the people that are purchasing phones.  I really do like my DNA.  In many ways, I much prefer it to the S4."
"There are better, more researched, and far more detailed reviews out there so I'm not going to repeat what's been done already.  Suffice it to say, I used those reviews to come to my purchasing decision anyway.  I was split between spending fifty bucks on an S3, which also had great reviews and had a well established track record, or two hundred on this bad boy.  I don't like being the first one buying new technology as there are almost always bugs in the system (think about all the issues each new iPhone comes with).  But after a month I couldn't wait any longer.  Most reviews were overwhelmingly positive at that point.  Many that weren't were often so inane that you had to wonder if the author was high, mentally handicapped, or an Apple plant.  So I pulled the trigger and bought one and I have been in Heaven since!"
I won't bore you.  Bullet time:
"Ive been surrounded by iphone users at work for years and this phone makes all of them jealous. Its got a big bright gorgeous screen, great battery life, amazing camera."
First off I owned an iphone from 2007 - end of 2012 with an iphone 5.  I bought a Galaxy note 2.  Great phone and it introduced me to Android at version 4.1  So that is where im coming from but I found it was just too big after 6 months of struggling trying to use it with one hand in the car trying to check traffic etc.
"I upgraded to the S4 from my Droid X. I was looking forward the larger screen size and faster processing speed. Haven't had the phone long, here is a quick list of what I can tell so far. I have not used the camera yet, so cannot comment."
"Phone arrived factory sealed and perfect. Charged it and turned on, no SIM card. This worried me as I only had a 3G phone with Verizon. I paid full price for this  phone to keep that plan. Took old and new phones to Verizon, no issue at all. They installed and activated new phone with a new 4G SIM card and I kept my plan, whew!"
This is a change for me. I was a prior iPhone user having had both a 4 and a 5.
"I have only had this phone for 10 days but am extremely happy. The processor is very fast, especially on wifi. The screen is crystal clear and after playing with the settings a little bit very sharp. The best part is that the bloatware that comes with it can be disabled so it isn't running and using battery up. With moderate use the battery lasts 2 days, even after heavy use the battery still says 30% by the end of the day.Its a pretty complex phone so it will take people time to figure out the tricks to using it efficiently. My advice is to go online to the different talk forums for tips and tricks to make your phone better. My phone now has no lag when switching between apps or screens by just changing a few settings. This is one of the best phones on the market today."
"only had the phone one day and love it1 I will have a better review in awhile. I just wanted to let people know that this phone does not come with a sim card. I upgraded from a droid and of course the sim card is a different size. so I had to take it to a Verizon store and they will put in the sim card for free and activate the phone for free also. you cannot activate the phone without a sim card.Well after a few weeks with the phone I gotta say I am very impressed! As with anything there are things I do not like about the phone but other people may find them useful. Most importantly this phone is fast. whether it be playing with apps or surfing the net its very fast! The WiFi also is excellent as is the Bluetooth! I love the nearby devices feature Samsungs DLNA. It took a bit to realize that photos, music and videos wind up in your gallery in the nearby devices folder. But you can share throughout your home network! Excellent! S beam is pretty much a useless feature for me This is the only Samsung product I have so sharing with another Samsung device is pretty much unnecessary. And I really dont know alot of people with a Samsung phone to make it worthwhile. NFC (near field communication) Also pretty much worthless to me there just are not alot of products out there that have this so not worth having right now. Others might find S beam and NFC very cool features though.The gallery seperates everything! camera,downloads,nearby,video,videorecord,screenshots,Facebook folders and autobackup if you have it. Basically any program or app has a folder. KIK whatever. Real nice. The camera is fantastic! Both video and still cam. Love taking snapshots while taking a video. The only thing I have had trouble with is streaming video shot from the phone camera to my tv? it keeps freezing up? but other videos stored on the phone play great? pics and music come across fantastic too! I do not like the Samsung KIES WiFi. It is basically a program that you load on your computer where you can share everything with your phone and computer. You can either USB your phone or its supposed to work on your WiFi. I cannot get it to work with WiFi? I figure a phone like this should work like a Wiz sharing files wirelessly. Why would I USB it? anyways I could not do anything over the WiFi It said my phone was connected but I could share nothing? I have plenty other programs I can use for this so no big deal I uninstalled Kies WiFi from the computer. I found it slow and buggy. Maybe thats something Samsung can work. When you can use the nearby devices to share whats the point? There is also Kies Air. It is kind of a dashboard of your phone you install on your computer. You can look at call logs send and recieve texts from any computer its kinda your phone on your desktop. I do like this however I did have a couple issues. Once its on your computer a screen pops where you have to put in a 4 digit code that is generated from your phone.The problem is everytime you use it you have to go through this? and once again this is all wireless connection and still no way to share files? The air gestures are very cool the voice commands work great and one neat thing I noticed I have a network extender at my house and the phone tells me when its connected. As far as people raving about the battery? I find it good but by the end of the day its gone. Sometimes it doesnt make it that far. The car charger is a must. So I barley scratched the surface of all this phones features and tricks it will take you awhile to figure things out but damn its so worth it! I really love this phone. with the few things I dont like about it others will find them great! I highly recommend this phone!!! Best cell phone ever!"
"I love the S4.  It worried me a little bit when I opened it how large it was,  but once I started using it and realized it fits in my front pocket and I don't notice it really,  I gelled with it quickly."
"Coming from a Motorola Razr Maxx, this phone is definitely an upgrade. The screen is large, bright and sharp and the software integration is wonderful. Everything is better than the Maxx except for 2 things: battery life and radio signal. I expected to lose some battery life when I moved to this phone and I did. However, it's not bad, just noticeably less. For radio signal, I like to stream music as I work out in the gym. For some reason, I don't get strong signal in my gym. In the case of my old Maxx, I could stream music or video with hardly ever getting buffering. With my S4, it do get buffering, especially when streaming video."
"I have to say the hand motions are cool, but the best features are that it stays on as long as you are looking at it, and it has voice controls for everything.  Just set it down, say Samsung Camera, then shoot and it takes beautiful pictures.  All my calls have been clear and loud.  I was afraid it would be flimsy with the plastic cover, but it is very solid.  PLUS, a phone with a removable battery and SD card?!?  Genius!"
Very Very nice.  I have had no problems with is product.  It hooks up to my router easily and my parents router easily.  The pictures are crystal clear.  It does what I want when I want.
I like the phone and all the features.  I just have one quirky problem.  The blue tooth does not automattically connect with my car.  I have to manually connect it everytime I start my car.
"This phone is fast and has a beautiful 5"" screen . Coming from a Droid 2 it took about 3 hours to configure and customize the screens to my preferences. The camera is the best I have used on any phone (the rest of my family all use I phones 4S and 5).  This camera coupled with removeable storage and removeable batteries will be very useful on vacations and for home video of my grandchildren. The  movie I streamed looked sharp and clear on the 1080  5"" HD screen.  HD quality home video takes my home videos to a new level and means now I can just take my phone and not a movie camera also to events. I love this phone."
"Coming from an iPhone this has been a learning experience but a good one for sure. Although I have only had it for a few days it is a nice change of pace. Being able to customize the OS a lot more than on iOS makes it fun and unique. The phone also speeds through apps and the Play Store with ease. The 16gb limit wasn't a huge deal for me because you can store all your movies, music. pics on the micro sd card, you cannot store apps on the micro sd card though so be aware of that. I will admit that some of the hand gestures are not the easiest to learn and are very situational and not very useful every day. Overall a great phone so far."
"Best phone i ever had. Have a Galaxy S2 for 2 years. S4 is 4 times faster, and little taller."
"This is based on my experiences with setup and only a little use.  I have the black, Verizon model.  It arrived less than 20 hours after ordering it, a phenomenally fast delivery since I requested normal delivery.  It beat my order of a case and charging cradle by a couple of days.  The box contains the phone, an impressive variety of literature, a nice set of earbuds and a wall charger.  It is packed into a well packaged box."
"Hey folks, the S4 is a great phone! (upgraded from a Droid X2)"
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S4 when I was eligible to upgrade on my AT&T; plan [May 2013]. I replaced a Motorola Atrix that I used for two years [April 2011].
"This phone is smooth and doesn't eat battery as much as I would have expected. This phone is actually closer in size to the S2 than the S3, from what I can tell. So, the phone fits in your pocket well. The additional screen landscape comes from better packaging. I am an old-school Galaxy user, so recommend the Seidio Surface line of cases. Some people went with Flygrip or Otterbox. I just didn't like the bulk/protection ratio for those brands. Surface is the sweet spot for me."
One of the best phones on the market to date! Recommended to any one. Only other phone that is better would be the HTC One but Verzion still does not have it yet.
