"After looking at Best Buy, Target, and many other places for a surround sound system I stumbled upon this on at Walmart.  At first because of the low price I figured it would be a piece of junk.  I went home and looked at the reviews and decided why not give it a try.  My first impression was it looked fairly slick for a cheaper system.  After hooking it up to my projector and mounting the speakers on the walls I decided to give it a try with good old That 70's Show!  I was astounded.  After I tried out the sound using Netflix I tried a DVD and it worked flawlessly, I then tried the USB hook up for my Iphone 5 and was HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!  The receiver said no USB device detected!"
"This is an entry model. Enhance the quality or regular DVD. The sound is good but the problem is the lack of power. Pay attention. You are always at the maximum level and even there it just meet ""Fair"". For sure you won't shake the room and sometime you would like to.  Also there is no optical or HDMI entry (in) to improve it... and remember it doesn't read Blue Ray.  So won't buy again nor recommend. Go for minimum 600W."
Received mind from Sony this week. Easy assembled and sounds good for small room.
"I read the reviews but tried it anyway, I had a Sony in the he box system about 7 years ago that was around 600 watts and cost over 500.00 This doesn't decode 5.1 DVDs like they were meant to sound, it makes a lame attempt by using using fake surround sound settings. There is no Optical or coax digital inputs. I figured that before I bought it but even my my old unit could use analog stereo sound very good this system just doesn't even try to produce quality sound from such cheap speakers and EQ settings. I guess if your not an music sound audiophile it might sound good enough, I have had several Logitech 2.1 PC systems including the 540 5.1 system with the Matrix button that puts this box to shame.. I just wanted something with remote control, I guess I will try to hook up my 12 year old Bose 301 bookshelf speakers and see if this amp can drive them for just the stereo effect or will return this unit for the Sony STRDH130 2 Channel Stereo Receiver (Black)that just plays stereo, that system seems like it would more meet my needs. Also it claims to have a input jack to play your Mp3 palyer, no such jack exists on this player, but in the front there is a USB port to play mp3's, WMA from a flash drive, I liked this feature because I have some playlists and it allows you to play in the shuffle play mode, some players don't let you chose shuffle, plus it plays Avi and some other forms of video formats. Dave from FL I will give it nother star.."
"My daughter wanted a surround sound to play radio, music, tv etc. Knowing They can get carried away with loud music I wanted something a bit better than what her tv puts out, but not enough to shake the walls or be a nuisance.  This system was a great price and doesn't put out a whole lot of bass, but It's clear and still better than the tv speakers. She's happy, I'm happy, my wallet is happier.  Do not buy this if you want lots of bass or expect this to impress party goers."
Puchased the system for a Christmas gift. It came very quickly and exceeded the expectations. Great price for a quality product.
Got the system this week which came bundled with my TV. Hooking it up was quite easy but attaching the speakers to the rear is quite fidgety. Sound is pretty ok for its price.
This product has a fantastic sound to it.Works perfectly every time. Would recommend this to every one.Great buy for the money.
A bargain for the price. If you're just looking for a basic FM receiver with good quality Surround sound this is a great product.
"good quality and the instillation was a breeese and I woud receomment it to anyone, good quality and a great price."
i ACTUALLY HAVE NOT SET IT UP YET BECAUSE IT IS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT FOR MY HUSBAND.  BUT I DID GET IT IN PLENTY OF TIME.
I had to return this item because it did not have enough ports to connect all my device to it.
I am not happy with this item.I currently have for sale on craigslist.it does not do all the things I would like.it's more of a beginers system..works good.just not for me...
"Not exactly what I was expecting, but the sound is good for the price, but wish I spent a little more for a better system."
This is was a great buy for me!!  I have a small size den so I didn't need very much volume but its a good sound when playing DVD's and the volume really gets cranking when playing CD's or the AM/FM stations!!
Got the surround and as soon as I got home i connected it to my smart Tv and it sounds wonderful!!!!!
This unit is fabulous and it puts out wonderful sound. Simple to set-up and operate. You hear things in movies that you would otherwise not hear on regular TV. I am very well pleased and recommend this product to everyone. Good Job Sony!
I love this system...its just what I was looking for. I have a small space so its perfect. Will purchase from buyer again.
The product is a value for the price.Easy to set up and surprisingly clear 5.1 channel quality from sony.A must buy
This product was really loud and portable... It made my music sound so enriching... My DVD played effortlessly. A lil set back is d USB area where songs dont play smoothly like they should. But all in all a great product.
Very good surround sound system for the money. Easy to install and make's the sound quality much better. Thank you
"The system arrived on time and it was exactly what it said in the description. No complaints!  I have yet to set it up in my new house, but I am sure it is going to be great."
"an excelent product for people who is not looking for the last in tecnology, but still great quality and sound experience!"
"Saddest 300 watts ever for sony that I've ever heard cause that just not Sony, I expected more from the best."
"It doesnt really sound so good. 1 of the speakers doenst say sony , the rest do. Not happy the volume max is 33."
"Did not meet my expectations, in that the quality of sound produced was inadequate. I have since purchased a Samsung Home theater which is excellent."
"The unit itself works great. but my iphone won't play. It charges it in the input area, but won't allow the music to play."
"this was a Christmas gift....he loved it. It has a great sound, and it was very easy to hook up."
"The sound is good not great. I have an older tv and you can't use the system for tv shows. I assume if you have a newer set with a HDMI jack, it will play the tv sound."
