"Summary: Other than the newly announced Samsung Galaxy S4 and LG Optimus G Pro, it is the best phone out there.  It would be better with a bigger/replaceable battery and SD Card option and MHL 2.0, but for 50 bucks.  What a deal."
CAMERA
"Rather than covering things that professionals can cover better, I'm going to treat this review as a user supplemental to the likes of Slashgear, Engadget, Gizmodo, etc."
Got this phone for Christmas and boy am I impressed!  I have always been introduced to the latest and greatest in phone technology and I test them all thoroughly.  I am unbiased in that I review all phones and choose simply the best.  I own apple products and android products.  Both have exceptional software (especially for smart phones) and user interfaces.
"The droid that made me want to get back from the ""dark side"" (owned 3 iPhones before).  Was hoping that iPhone 5 would inspire me, but alas, the screen was too small, the phone felt the same as the ones I had before, in general, I was bored with iPhone and iOS.  HTC Droid DNA worked best for me.  Obviously it has amazing screen, great camera, and sound system.  Love customizing the phone - changing launchers, themes etc.  Storage was not an issue for me, as the cloud takes care of it more and more, and 16Gb is more than enough for my music/videos because I like to rotate it often."
"Have had the Droid DNA since launch day, and this phone is the absolute best."
"HTC is one of the leaders when it comes to fit and finish and the DROID DNA is no exception. The One X was already one of the most superior phones in terms of quality, but somehow they were able to step it up. It has a similar polycarbonate back, but it sports more of a soft rubbery touch. The one downside is that it's a fingerprint and smudge magnet. It's almost impossible to keep it smudge free, but hey, who plans on staring at the back of their phone all day? The rubberized feel is non slippery and gives you a fantastic grip."
"To begin with, the HTC Droid DNA is a great phone. It has some of the top specs out of any smartphone available right now. Quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 1080p screen with 440ppi(pixels per inch), 8MP camera, you name it. It is also one good looking phone with it's rubberized texture, red stripes, and that 5-inch screen which isn't too big but isn't too small."
This phone is great. The screen is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The size is perfect. It is a phone....not a phablet. The processor is out of this world. Incredibly snapping all around. The battery life is better than anyone could ask for. The combination of batter and processor do enough to get you through more than the day with normal use. The only negative is the storage. After the preloaded crap you have about 11 gb. This is plenty for standard apps and daily use. You can still fit photos/music on it but without being able to extend it you will need to monitor your use. Outside of that you will not find a more powerful and  beautiful device.
"There is no getting around it. This phone is nothing short of incredible. It manages to pack one of the highest resolution screens on the market into a small, lightweight form factor, and the processing and graphics are unparalleled, even among quad core phones. Also, it boots instantaneously, sounds incredibly, and has surprisingly little bloatware."
"I got this phone on the 24 because i was eligable for my upgrade. This phone is amazing. Good features, easy to use and just overall good."
"I have no preference when it comes to electronics. Sure I have a Mac computer, an iPhone, and iPad, but I am not biased. At least not when it comes to this phone. The iPhone is a good phone, don't get me wrong, but this thing is just a beast. It's the fastest phone that I have ever owned in my entire life. The display is an amazing full 1080 by 1920 resolution with a five inch screen. That means that it has the best display on the market. The iPhone has an impressive display with 336 ppi (pixels per inch), but this phone has 440 ppi! That's amazing! I am a real sucker for high-resolution displays (that's why I have a MacBook Pro with retina display), and this thing delivers. There are some things that I would like to see on it however, like an external memory slot, as well as a removable back so I can switch out the batteries when I need to. I might add, however, that the camera is one of the best that I have ever seen and used. There are some things that could be improved, but overall, this phone is well worth the money. In fact, I would buy this phone for everyone if I could! It's a joy to own, and if you want a good quality phone, this is the one for you!"
"I waited 2 weeks to write this as I didn't want the first few days to determine what I wrote. Like a loving relationship, everything is good for the first few days.. it is after you get to know each other you can crash and burn. I can say with all my heart the DNA and I are a pair that will last (2 years that is)."
"Phone became inoperable after only 3 days.  After hours of setting it up just how I wanted, verizons first course of action was to do a factory reset.  Problem re-occured again in 3 days.  Verizon replaced the phone with a new unit, same problem again in 3 days.  Called Verizion, they could only suggest a factory reset.  Called HTC and they said it was a known issue that required a software patch.  They walked me through the process and that problem was fixed.  However a few days later I got a sim card error and no service.  Rebooting the phone fixed the issue, however the error (and often a PUK code error).re-occures every 3 days.  Verizon put a new sim card in the phone, but 3 days later the error re-apperas.  Now the 14 day trial is up, HTC says I have to send the (brand new) phone in for repair (10+ days turn around), and Verizion has know clue what to do, except order me a warranty refurbished phone, that will probably have both of the orignial issues.  Brand new phone with continued ""known"" problems from day 3 and the only solution is to be without a phone for more than 10 days, or take another phone with ""most likely"" the same issues."
"I recently upgraded from a Droid 2 Global which was of no good use to me anymore because it was slow, glitchy, stuck on Android 2.3 forever, and needed an extended battery. After some agonizing over whether I should get this or a Samsung Galaxy S III, I chose this phone because I liked the screen better and I've never had an HTC phone until now. (I had a Samsung feature phone once and really disliked it.)"
"Before you buy this phone, do a google search on ""Droid DNA No Sim"" and you will find hundreds of forum posts from people like me who bought this phone only to have to reboot it three times a day or more because it gets a ""No Sim Card Found"" error. Reseating the SIM doesn't fix it, only rebooting."
"I tested this phone against the iPhone 5, and Samsung GS3. I walked in to the Verizon store to upgrade my phone, with my mind made up about the iPhone 5. Before setting foot in the store, I'd never heard of the DNA. After an hour of testing a few phones, this was hands down the best phone I tested."
"I purchased the DNA a week after it's release date.  After purchasing it, i didn't want to write a review until i had more hands on time with it.  Being an Android user for the last couple of years, i know to wait a couple weeks to truly see if the phone is a powerhouse.  Coming to a conclusion that a phone is great after one day use is premature in the smartphone age.  After downloading apps, music, taking pictures, and saving tons of junk on your phone, performance usually starts to slow down.  This has been the problem with every Android phone i have owned. Now for my review.."
"I can only confirm the excellent reviews this device is receiving. The screen is gorgeous and perfect for my 40-something eyes, so I don't need to fumble for my reading glasses. It is FAST. It is slim and light, with a quality feel and a grippy exterior (I'm adding a slim case that won't make it bulky). Love the Gorilla Glass 2. So far the battery life is more than sufficient for hours of ""try everything"" testing and my busy work day. The most common question from my iPhone-loyal friends is ""what about the apps?""...everything I use and want is available for android phones. My 4000+ song and playlist music library transferred fine to Google Play. Voice search and navigation are outstanding. The 8mp camera is superior.  It synchronizes nicely with Outlook Exchange for work.  In my opinion, Apple should have seized the opportunity to do a major overhaul of their OS and the device design for i5...the bigger screen is the main reason I switched, and it feels like Apple has some catching up to do on several levels. The only improvements I might suggest are to move the power button to the side from the top and add a memory card slot for those who need it. The cover flap for the charger slot is flimsy, but I don't have a better idea to suggest for keeping debris out of it. This is my first HTC device, and I'm impressed overall."
"The size to me is perfect.  I came from a Galaxy 1 that I thought was an awesome phone.  Would have stayed with it longer, but I had to get away from T-mobile.  I was all set to get the Galaxy 3, but while doing my research I came across the DNA.  Although I think I would have been happy with either phone, in the end I went with the DNA"
Hardware: 5/5
For months I waited patiently with my Thunderbolt to purchase the Note II. I was online to pre order the Note II and saw this mysterious phone. I thought it was another Moto Razr at first as it wore the Droid moniker. I was wrong.
"Look and feel are great. No issues setting up (thank you, Google). The alarm issue that people have been reporting (random phone ringing) is due to data roaming. There is a setting to allow a data roaming alarm to sound if you are roaming. Turn that off and you won't deal with the phone ringing issue."
"Call quality is good, sound is good, and size & picture quality are a HUGE upgrade over my Droid X.  The battery lasts about 24 hours.  I thought it would last a little longer but it doesn't have a problem making it through the day for a night charge.  It's pretty fast too.  I'd give it five stars if the battery lasted a little longer but overall I'm happy with my purchase."
"This phone is great! It is very fast, response to the touch is quick. The screen is beautiful, I use it to watch Netflix often. The phone never lags, very smooth operation. I like the ability to customize screen colors and ringtones easily. Yes, it seemed a little big at first, but I've grown to like it, my old phone seems too small now."
"This phone has had a lot of reviews, so I just want to make a couple comments. I just picked up this phone last week, coming for the Rezound. So far I love it. There is a little lag when loading web pages, not sure why that is. They seemed to load faster on the Rezound. I like the size of the screen, and the thinness of the phone. I can't understand why HTC opted to not included an sd card slot, that seems so common place on competitors phones. I doubt it will be an issue for me, as I used only about 8gb of space."
"I could write a lot about this phone, but I won't.  There are 3 things going for it which are unbelievable:"
"I've owned an iPhone, iPad, and a previous HTC Inspire 4G. I had gone back to a feature phone just to get me through the end of a contract and then got to choose a new smartphone. I looked hard at the 4S, iPhone 5, and Galaxy S3. I loved my old Inspire 4G so much I went with the DNA and I love it."
"So I am gadget obsessed, or at least that's what my wife says, and for my money, this phone is hands down the best on the market. My wife has galaxy s3 and my father an iphone5. Both great phones, this one is better. I did plenty of research, although I pretty much keep up on the latest with phones anyway, and it was between this and the Note 2. For starters, the note 2 was $150 more than what I paid for this. This phone at $149.99 is absolutely amazing! IF it was the most expensive phone on the market it would still be worth it. Here is a list of the reasons is so great."
I'm coming from HTC Droid Incredible which has served me faithfully for almost three years. The usb charging port has worn out and I've been longing for the latest android version.
"Although I have only had HTC phones (and had always loved them), I was ready to go elsewhere (Samsung) if the battery life issue had not improved.  After two weeks with the DNA, I must say - they got it right this time.  I was very careful about ""conditioning"" the phone for first few charges (let battery get really low before re-charging).  With moderate usage I am getting a full day (24-36 hrs) on a charge.  Generally speaking, the phone is mad cool/awesome.  It is fast, easy to use, awesome display, very thin and attractive. The only complaint that anyone can make is with regard to the storage capacity.  If you download a lot of movies and music to your phone, this is not the phone for you.  I hope HTC gets their business act together this year, they make awesome phones, second to none. I love my phone, I love looking at it and using it."
"I won't get into a lot of specifics regarding all the stats because several reviewers have already done that.  I will, however, explain why I think that if you're on the fence and you don't live in the middle of nowhere this might be the phone for you.  With that out of the way..."
"What can I say, I love this phone, the screen, the speed, everything about this phone is amazing.  I came from T-Mobile with a Samsung Galaxy S2, holy crap what a difference.  The phone is big, but can easily be handled with one hand, its thin and tall, kind of like an iPhone 5.  HD videos on this is sick, retina display has nothing on full 1080p, when I tell people I have 1080p on my phone they get jelly and start hating.  They can hate all they want, and its smokes the iPhone 5 out the water.  I got my girl the iPhone 5 because to me that phone is for simple people who need something easy to work with.  Everything is win on the DNA, they both have non-removable batteries, no external storage capabilities, so it all comes down to performance."
"Previously I had a Motorola Droid X 3g, which I upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S3 (Worse phone I ever owned). The HTC DNA is the BEST android I have had thus far."
I pre-ordered the HTC Evo back when it was announced. Loved that phone despite the short battery life and Sprint service.  Jumped over to Verizon to get the first 4g phone Thunderbolt. Loved this phone despite the short battery life. I owned a I-phone 4s for 6 months and it never did much for me. I owned the Droid-X and never got into it either.
"I preorder this phone and have had it for about a week. It's fast, full hd display is so awesome, and it wows me every day. The best phone I have ever had. Blows iPhone 5 out of water in my opinion."
this is an awesome phone. the battery will last you 13 hours on an average use. . 4G LTE is blazing fast. I can't complain.
The HTC Droid DNA is very fast & I believe it has the BEST screen on the market at this time.
"I have owned this phone for over a month and all I can say is I love it.  The picture quality is great, the size of the screen is great and it is very easy to use. I upgraded from HTC incredible 2 and thought at first the size was too big but in less than a day, I don't know how I used the smaller phone. The call quality is good, the Bluetooth is ok, could be better. The 4g is super fast and watching videos is good.  All I can say is I'm very satisfied with the phone."
"I love the Droid DNA a lot I mean it works beautifully, besides I brought the DNA simply because everyone wants the IPhone or the Galaxy 3 so me not being a follower I decided I'd go and get the DNA which might be just as good as the others. I orderd my phone from Amazon and got it within four days and I purchase all my phone accessories fr Amazon to, so if you're thinking about buying something from Amazon don't be hesitant go on and make your purchase."
