"I have had Samsung phones, where the screens are nice, but the plastic bodies come apart all of the time and feel flimsy. I have had iPhones, where the user interface is just so boring, even with all those apps that cost you money."
"This phone is great! It's the best phone I've ever owned. I have been a dedicated high end Android user, but I found this phone to be a much more satisfying experience than either the iPhone or the Android phones. I want an OS that will meet my current needs and have a great user interface with a good amount of apps available for me to manage my daily mobile cell phone use, and not have to make expensive phone upgrades all the time. The Nokia Lumia 900 is a very well constructed phone.The aesthetics are pleasing, it's modern and function goes well beyond my expectations. It operates very fast and smooth even though it has a single core processor and only 512MB on RAM. If you are not aware of these specs, you might think it has a multi-core processor and more RAM on board. Nokia has come up with a phone that is both pleasing in design and very efficient when it comes to performance. The screen is bright with beautiful color saturated screen, and seems to have less glare outside when it's sunny. I can actually read the screen in such conditions. This is a big plus for me! It has 16GB of ROM, which is plenty by itself, but pared with the 7GB of frees cloud storage, it's more than enough for me. I really don't know what the fuss is about concerning the number of apps available for Windows Phones. Unless you are some kind of developer or techy person, there are plenty of apps available for this phone (both from MS, Nokia and third party) for the everyday cell phone user, even business user. The game apps seems so much more refined (probably because there are a lot of Xbox games available for this phone) and they run beautifully on this phone. I travel a lot and I'm really looking forward to  using this phone on my trips. I have always liked Nokia phones because of the quality build and support. When I started using a smartphone I got away from Nokia phones and started my Android experience. Now that Nokia has chosen to team up with MS to re-enter the smartphone market, I wanted to try their phones again. What a lovely surprise! I'm crazy for the Lumia 900 and look forward to future offerings from Nokia, if and when I get tired of this phone or need to upgrade. I recommend this phone, it's quality at affordable prices. Great design, sturdy, fast and very easy to use, especially if you run Windows 8 on your computer. Try it! You won't be sorry. By it from Amazon, the best place to shop and that's coming from a person that doesn't or ever has worked for them. I forgot to tell you that there is an upgrade of the operating system to 7.8, which is very similar to Windows 8, available for this phone. It's very easy to install, just install Zune on your Windows computer, connect your phone to USB,  and it will find the upgrade and instruct you how to install."
"I just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience. From now on I'll just use Windows phone for my daily use. My next gadget will be Nokia Lumia 920. I just can't look foward for this phone to hit the market. Nokia designs the best and most beautiful phones and now they work with the best OS on the market. Well done, Nokia and Microsoft!"
"Hi,"
"I bought this phone because I wanted to use it on TMobile. I've only been frustrated thus far. Because it was originally an AT&T; phone, the picture messaging is all screwed up. I actually regret not waiting the extra month or so for the Lumia 820... at least that Nokia was released on TMobile... Overall, the phone os great; I do LOVE Windows phones."
"The Nokia Lumia 900 was my first smartphone. Im a programmer, so I really appreciate how easy it is to write software for it. That being said, the phoen itself is what I'm rating so lets get to it."
"I received my phone before the expected arrival date and in excellent condition - New, and the color cyan blue is beautiful. The phone is simply great. It is easy to use, with lots of features, and well built. Good Nokia quality as expected. I have always been a fan of Nokia phones and the Nokia /Microsoft combination is perfect. The touch screen is becoming easier each time. The phone is indeed unlocked and I did take it to my initial cell provider. However,I was not pleased with the speed offered by them and had to switch to another provider - Digicel in the Caribbean is now my new cell provider. What a difference and the 4G LTE speed is simply amazing. Very pleased in all areas, and the phone did not let me down. Additional update to follow if necessary as I use the phone."
"I am a tmobile customer and with an unlocked Nokia 900 Lumia from ATT .Let me simply say it has to be one of the best kept secrets in smartphones. Though I knew the phone was unlocked, I had no clue it took a micros sim card, which I was not aware of and meant I had to go to a carrier and switch my sim card. Problem was solved in no time. Anyway back to this review."
I purchased the Nokia Lumina 900 in black from BLUTECUSA and was really thrilled with all the new WP features. I really loved the new interface and its one smooth operator. The only issue I had was that it was locked to AT&T; Wireless. Since I needed an unlocked phone (as advertised) I had to return it.
this is totally a unlocked phone. You can use it anywhere. This is a great phone for anyone who is interested in windows phone.  It is much better than iPhone
Great phone. Used an iPhone before and I am much happier now with the Lumia.
"I am really not very happy with this phone...Windows and Bill Gates have gotten a little too cute with all the ""features"" this phone has to offer!  Too complicated to add contacts; to complicated to bluetooth contacts from old phone to new one. Does not accept certain apps and features; ie, Yahoo Messenger; Amazon MP3 player; ... Also, got T-Mobile for my service (another ""recommendation"")  and phone stays in ""emergency"" mode most of the time!  Will need to change my service!  Not good!"
A friend showed me his 900 and I was so impressed I went out and bought a used one (locked to AT&T;) to try out.
"I got my phone on Saturday after reviewing the customer reviews on here, and youtubing the phone demonstrations I couldn't find any issues, of course until after I got it.. I went to tmobile and had my SIM card cut down for free so that was easy. I played with it all weekend and it worked great until I left my house and tried to use my data plan for internet and send pictures.. I went back to tmobile to see if they could set it up for me and they couldn't. the guy said, ""oh didn't anyone tell you our 4G data plans don't work on unlocked phones."" And handed me back the phone. I of course found out from the tmobile website that they have a code or a series of APN and MMS codes to use, but I tried that and it still didn't work.. So now I'm waiting for my job's IT guy to come back from vacation to figure this out for me.. Other wise I love the phone and I'm just sending pictures if I want to by email. The camera features are great and my wifi connection is pretty fast. I can't think of anything else I've come across other than that.. It's not the end of the world that I can't use my data plan while out and about or get any MMS messages.. I'll survive.. Hopefully my work guy can figure it out and then I'll be completely happy."
"I have been using a Blackberry Curve for the last 3 1/2 years and avoiding a smartphone because of the additional costs associated with new activations. However, I decided that it may be time to upgrade since I would like to be able to use this phone overseas on travel. I did some research - thought about going with the new Blackberry Q10 - but the outright unlocked purchase price is high and I wanted to test out an unlocked GSM phone before I went hog wild on the phone of my dreams."
"This is my first windows phone and so far, I am enjoying it. The price point here is better than if I had bought it in the store I checked (you know, that US carrier that advertises it does not ""lock you into contracts""). The phone does everything I need it to do and the features are exactly as advertised. No unpleasant surprises. My only disappointment is that this particular phone is not ""factory"" unlocked (and the sellers do not claim it is). So ATT branding is on the phone and on some of the apps. Since I use this phone overseas and am not an ATT customer, I would prefer not to have these ATT demarcations on my phone. In the past, I have been more careful to select a factory unlocked phone but overlooked that detail this time. Otherwise, the phone is easy to use and performs well, consistent with Nokia standards."
not happy with the limited apps for this phone. I guess I will try it for a few more months.
"UPDATE: Zune constantly causes trouble. Every time I need to connect my phone to my Win 7 pro pc, I need to troubleshoot manually from the device manager to get the PC recognize the phone. If this happened in 2004, I would understand. Back then, our standards of plug-n-play were much lower. Now, they are high and especially because THIS IS A WINDOWS PHONE CONNECTING TO A WINDOWS PC. How would the people who buy iphones feel if they connect it to their macbooks and it fails to even recognize the device? Dumb right? So, I take a star off. Still good phone for the price, but if you can afford a good android, go for it I say."
"it as good as its description and worth keeping it! Everything is amazing when I got this item, but window 7.5 system is truly not as smooth as windows 8 system, the buyer need to consider this!"
If you are looking to purchase an unlocked phone do not buy!!  The phone it self is great but if you are looking to activate with any company other than at&t; buying this phone serves no purpose.  It cost me 100 bucks to activate the phone with another service (t-mobile) only to find out that this phone was not unlocked. I have been a week without a phone and it is really nerve racking.
"Supposed to be an unlocked gsm phone,but after activating it with straight talk just says requires code to use on service.! used code I setup I presume I either need the right code from ATT,Nokia or strtaight talk(I have 4 try left :()"
"Pros: Intuitive, easy-to-use interface. Many tasks can be completed in less time than on Apple and Android devices. Boots fast, decent battery life (always lasts through the day). Stable and reliable. Exclusive Nokia apps like ""Music"" and ""Drive"" give the device an edge over other manufacturer's windows phones."
"If only all phones were Nokia, then the world would be a happier place!  No other phone for me! Great!"
Received this last month and and only problem i have encountered is that the person on the other end of the line barely hears me
"excelente, dinamico, muy versatil , la camara es de alta resolucion ,las dimensiones son modernas y funcionales me gusta mucho"
I love my Nokia Lumia. It was a bit tough to get used to at first but luckily my brother had the same phone for a while so he helped me. My mom also has this phone and she loves it too. It's a great phone! A bit pricey but worth it!
"Beautiful device, works fine, and boy, it has great audio quality and video! Its dial is easy to read. I am happy with it!"
very easy to use..  good cam.. fast downloading app.. and is cute 100% recommended .. I'll be waiting for lumia 920 and windows 8
"Love this phone! WP OS, is just extremely fast, fluid, and very smooth. The amount of apps Nokia continue to push out, along with their support, make this phone a no brainer to purchase. I've used Android as well as iOS, and yes WP OS is really a breath of fresh air and a joy to use. I can honestly say the ""Live Tiles"" are addictive and you won't just put your phone up in your pocket. It(OS) makes you continue using your phone for everything possible. Anyway, enough about the OS, more about the phone. This is one of the best built phones ever! Of course you will have fans of the 800, 900 & N9, all are pretty much the same with small differences(screen build and size). The color is sort of hard to explain, cause depending on where and the lighting it can look several different shades of blue, but every shade looks beautiful. When I'm out and have the phone on the table or bar, never fails, a couple of people will ask about it and are simply amazed at the beautiful of the phone. Well, this was only a quick little review, I will be getting the new Lumia 920, HTC 8X, and also the HTC One X+, in the near future."
"The phone is awesome. I have this phone now since one month and I have no problem with it. It is big, it looks great, it is perfect."
"Nokia Lumia 900 wp7, a set back in evolution"
It's not unlocked!
"I chose to get the 900 series after hearing complaints about Windows 8. This is my first full size smart phone and the ease of use is amazing. Without a book, I was able to add contacts, etc. Note: If you are buying a smart phone for the first time, the SIM card from your previous phone will not fit. It uses a micro SIM card. Make sure you have your contacts backed up. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this phone."
"LLEGO EN BUENAS CONDICIONES Y FUNCIONA BIEN ADEMAS LLEGO BIEN EMBALADO, EL TIEMPO DE ENTREGA , FUE UN POCO LARGO DEBIDO  TRAMITES EN VENEZUELA"
"I chose 1 day shipping and it did actually come the next day, so it shipped fast. First, I do not think it is new because it was not in original packaging. It was in a Lumia 900 box, but the phone was not secure in it, just kind of banging around inside. It did not come with headphones, and the manual looked photocopied, so that was not original either. So if you think you will get something like if you bought it at the store, you won't. Anyway, I've been using the phone for about 2 weeks now, and it seems to be fine. It actually is unlocked. I am using it with Straight Talk. The description is wrong in that it does NOT have a microSD slot. It has 16GB internal memory ONLY. There is no slot for a microSD. The phone itself is working fine though, and I am happy with it. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews, but I really wanted a Lumia 900 so I took the chance. So far, so good. My seller was DealInABox, I think it was. I gave 4 stars instead of 5, because it did not come with headphones and it seems to be used or refurbished and it had already been unboxed, as indicated by the phone just banging around inside the box and not being secure, as well as the photocopied manual, and missing headphones. I would rather have had a new one like the description said, but for only 300 dollars AND unlocked, I won't complain too much about it. So far, I am happy with my purchase."
