"I was able to get this phone at an amazing price just after Thanksgiving -- however, I feel that, even at the regular retail price, it is a great buy. Compared with all of your options for phones from Virgin Mobile, this is probably the best choice for 98% (or more) of users. I made the switch from a LG Optimus Slider, and I'm loving (almost) every minute of it!"
"So, like at least one other person here, I upgraded from a Samsung Intercept.  (Note:  if you were running an early generation Android on VM-USA and had the $25 plan, your upgrade means you can't keep the $25 plan and need to go to $35 plan minimum.  Wish it was otherwise, but not too big of a deal.)"
I'll start by saying that I upgraded to this phone from an LG Optimus V from Virgin Mobile.
"The phone will automatically download an app called Mobile ID, and will remind you via notification window if you would like to install The Essentials Pack.  Your options are:  Not Now or Install & Switch.  If however, you do install the app, it will assign you a new wallpaper and widgets pack that is customizable and oriented according to your taste, whether it be music, movie, etc..  If you should decide not to use the new wallpaper pack, you can always switch back to your previous Factory-State preference by way of Choose ID Pack via the Mobile ID widget."
"I formerly had a VM Samsung Intercept with Android 2.2.  The intercept was ok but the overall speed was atrocious.  Upgraded to the Reverb with Android 4.0. Even with a single core, the speed is great.  This phone has a good display.  The extensive use of plastic helps keep the phone weight down.  However, this does make the phone slippery and potentially fragile.  You will definitely want to get a case and cover for this phone.  The screen toggle button is on the top right of the phone and is on the smaller side.  This can take some getting used to.  The phone is 3g but for the money I can't complain too much.  I do use wi-fi when possible.  My main beef with this phone is that the camera does a poor job with close up shots of text and bar codes.  Perhaps a future software update can address this."
"I got this phone over a month ago and it has exceeded my expectations. The camera works very well, very easy to use. The sound is excellent for such a small phone. The app store has more stuff than I would ever want. I have it connected to my home network which saves on my network use, was very easy to connect the bluetooth for my headset. WIFI connection is a smooth transition when not on the home network. I like the sd card slot and save my pics and videos to, which load to facebook very easily.Calls are very clear, and I love the alarm clock app. I would definately reccommend this to anybody that wants a smart phone, but isn't willing or able to sink the kids college fund into buying it."
"I was one of those people who still had a ""dumb phone"" -- I refused to pay $80+ a month on a contract carrier to have a smartphone. Once I learned of Virgin Mobile, I could not wait to drop the contract. I ended up getting this phone, I was debating between this one and the HTC Evo V and the HTC One V. The Evo had some terrible reviews concerning battery life and connectivity, plus the 3 D camera seemed like a dumb gimmick. The HTC One V has a smaller screen and no front facing camera (I wanted to be able to do video calls). I live in a mostly rural area and 4G is practically nonexistent so I did not feel like shelling out $100 extra for a 4G phone (e.g. the Galaxy SII) that would only work in whenever I would take a trip to a large metro area. Once they expand the 4G LTE network to my area I may consider getting an upgrade but I presume that is still some time away."
"I just got it in the mail today and it's already light years ahead of my old phone. I previously had the LG Optimus V. At the time I thought it was a good phone but after a while it got laggy and a I wanted a newer model of Android. I researched for WEEKS about which phone to get from Virgin Mobile and settled on this. After receiving it I am BEYOND pleased. I'll do an update later on in the week to let you guys know how it's going. But as of right now, in this very moment, I am VERY MUCH in LOVE with this phone."
"This is a Galaxy SII mini in my experience (NOT since Benchmarks were found) with a large memory available (2gb user) and fast processor. SD card is NOT AVAILABLE to move apps and I just assumed it did from my managing app. Even Samsung has NO idea why its this way but I read if you plug it into a PC you can move certain things around if needed,, hmmmm."
"Man, what can I say.  I got this phone and no looking back.  The speed, the graphics, the sound, the value!!  How can any other phone even come close for this price range.  You will not be disappointed."
"This phone is tough to beat for the price. The display is very bright and crisp, call quality is great, on board speakers sound decent for a phone, battery life is acceptable, not too heavy, feels solid and well built. There's little to no ""bloatware"" installed on it (though VM keeps trying to get me to download their ""essentials"" ID pack which I keep ignoring. I'd prefer stock Android but the Samsung Touch Wiz is really not bothersome at all."
"My wife has the Optimus slider, which is still a popluar prepaid phone. Very nice upgrade though. Android 4.0 is much faster than 2.3. Would definitely recommend for prepaid :)"
"I've had the Samsung Galaxy Reverb for less than a week. I love it! I activated it, but have not added the money to my account yet. I am waiting until I can sell my Sprint phone. So I have not made calls or sent text messages yet."
"UPDATE on 23 June 2013: I've revised this to 2 stars instead of 1 star because i'm holding out hope that Samsung/Virgin will get issues resolved w/a new OTA update at some point.  But since updating to jb, i've had nothing but problems with this phone.  It's a shame because, as you can see from my glowing review from before (the part that follow this updated review) I really liked the Reverb when it was running on ICS.  but now it freezes up at lockscreen with regularity and, worse, I suddenly lose all my internal (rom) memory!  I called Samsung tech support and supervisor said they know that the update is not working for this phone but he couldn't be sure when a fix would be issued.  I would NOT buy this phone unless/until they figure out how to make it right again.  What a shame that a once reliable phone is now the cause of so much frustration.  I feel like I've lost all the $ put into buying this phone and accessories for it.  I'm hoping Samsung will stand behind its product and do right by its customers.  and SOON.  Depending on how this gets resolved, I may not even be sticking with Virgin.  I've read many recent reviews on their site w/ppl complaining that Virgin is only replacing phones with refurbs that have same problems.  (that's because it's the new OS that's the problem and until that software/firmware is resolved, nothing else will fix it)  This phone would be better off if they just returned the OS back to ICS, but I doubt they'll do that.  Again, steer clear of this phone.  The recent negative reviews are true.  You've been warned ........."
"Switched from another pre-paid cellular service provider from which we had a ""dumb"" phone.  The Samsung Galaxy Reverb has all of the features that we desired, plus more.  It has plenty of memory, a good processor, and the Android market provides plenty of usable apps.  While the phone was somewhat of a challenge to activate, one call to Virgin Mobile quickly solved the problem, and the service over the Sprint network has been flawless.  We liked the phone so much that we purchased another one to replace another smartphone receiving service from a contract plan."
"I received this phone 3 days ago, and while I think it is a cool phone with nice features, I am already having some seriously frustrating issues."
"I upgraded from the LG Optimus Elite and I have to say I find this phone much better. It is about the same size as the Elite but with a larger screen and front facing camera.  The speakers are louder and looks sleeker than the Elite, since it only has three buttons and a curved bottom.  The OS is much more intuitive and has several more setting variations available. The internet connection is much better and that is I'm assuming from the CPU and ROM capabilities."
"Great phone for a cheap price.  Might have a problem activating phone though which is why I rated 4 instead of 5 stars.  The VM rep said that there is a known issue with the serial numbers not being in the system, and it could take 24 to 48 hours to push it thru the system."
"This is the first phone that I have had in a long time that I really like. Not too fancy, does what I need, holds a charge which is important to me... has all the android apps that I need... I just love it!"
"After trying all of Virgin Mobile's other Android offerings (HTC EVO V, Chaser, Venture) I decided to give VM one more shot with the Galaxy Reverb. It has exceeded all my expectations in the price range. While it does feel slightly fragile, it feels good in the hand, and very lightweight. The screen is of very good quality, and after clearing the default launcher to use the stock ICS launcher, I love this phone. The interface is clean, and easily managed. It operates at a reasonable speed, even with CPU throttling enabled under power saving (an awesome feature, btw). Battery life is exceptional for the specs and size of this phone."
I had the samsung intercept for over 2 years. I got the Reverb about 3 months ago. I like it a lot. It has a lot more RAM than the Intercept did. It's faster and holds more apps too. When I got this phone I was fully expecting to have to pay the $35 plan like everyone said. I did not have to. From what I was told is that if the phone was made before a certain date then you don't have to pay the high price. Also if you are going from an old school phone to an android / smart phone then you have to pay the higher price. Overall this is a good phone for the price.
"I've been a Blackberry Curve user for a number of years but decided to try an Android phone with a touch screen.  The Samsung Galaxy S4 was too expensive so I thought I'd try the Reverb.  So far I've been pretty happy with this phone although I do find it more difficult to text than on a QWERTY keyboard.  Long battery life, great display, excellent performance."
Let me just start out by saying that I have been spoiled by my ipad. But I would never get an iphone for two reasons- too expensive on a prepaid plan and I abhor itunes. So I had read many many reviews on this phone that were great and I like the Samsung brand. This would be a five star phone except already the back button light is fading in and out after only two weeks. This worries me and I hope I dont have any more issues with it other than that. I want this phone to last me a year minimum.
This is a nice compact phone with good size screen.  Nice smooth interface.  My wife really likes it.  Great value for the money.
"I had some problems initially, but Virgin Mobile customer service was very helpful."
"I love my new phone.  This is my first smartphone and I can't believe I waited so long to get one.  I love that it's connected to my google account so I have auto back up of pics & contacts.  I've had Virgin Mobile service for years & I've been happy, but now I'm even happier with this phone."
I switched from AT&T; to virgin and went from a Blackberry curve to this.I love the Android system it's fast and easy to use.I have had no problems at all with the phone.I will say that activating it was a little frustrating but once I got through that no problems.If you get this phone be sure to go into your settings and make sure the power save option is on because the screen on this will drain your battery pretty fast as with all smart phones with a large screen.
"I really love this phone! As a person who previously had a LG Optimus One, it is definitely a huge difference, especially in speed and actual performance. Although it is only a single core, I can still run all the apps and games that I want to use. The screen is a really nice size, the sound quality is pretty good, and for a 5mp camera...the pictures I have been taking have came out pretty well."
"Overall, I really like this phone.  I've had it for a few weeks now.  It's fast, responsive, intuitive.  The User Interface is great.  I had a Droid Incredible prior to this phone.  There are some functions the Droid had that I did like better but there are more functions on this phone that make it much more user friendly.  I would have given this phone a 5 star if it weren't for the case design.  Without an external phone case, holding this phone is like holding a piece of ice.  The edges are round and very smooth.  The back is very smooth.  There was no way I could hold this phone without feeling like it was going to slip out of my hand.  I purchased a rubberized case and problem solved.  I would be willing to bet phones are designed like this on purpose.  It forces customers to purchase accessories.  Conspiracy theory :-)."
"Had the HTC One V before this and it was awful it always crashed and restarted itself, then I got this and it exceeded my expectations, I would definitely recommend it :)"
this is a great phone
"good middle of the road phone.it's reasonably fast, considering its a single-core processor. Only minor complaints 1 is that its casing is smooth and makes a fairly slippery,the power button seems to get a little sticky and wants to shut off and turn on. It has good battery life, it has a nice camera."
This is the worst phone i have ever owned i payed 200 for this when it came out now it unlocks itself and changes my background and plays music when just sittin on the table not to mention the touchscreen locking up and not working im not sending it in for an exchange i dont want this phone
My boyfriend just loves his phone!  it's just like the Galaxy SII but it has a smaller screen.  That's it!  he loves it!  You should buy a case for the phone though.  It's slick and you can't get a good grip on it without a case
"This is pretty nice phone; however, it does not have the face lock feature as presented.  I've had a replacement already under warranty because the home keys would not stay lit even though I have them set to always be on."
"The newest OS update makes it freeze occasionally, but hopefully that will be fixed soon. Now three of us in the family have a Reverb, and they're great. Front-facing camera is a great feature for a phone that's not very expensive. It's very stable, unlike my old Optimus V that I had to restart daily. It's not lightning-fast, but for this price it's very good. It's got a good screen size and a good chunk of internal storage space, and still easily fits in a pocket."
I have waited a month and just paid for my second month with virgin mobile. I wanted a good amount of time to see how the phone and virgin mobile holds up in my area of central coast california.
I took this opportunity to change providers while stepping up to smartphone technology.  Virgin Mobile is as good as my previous service and for a lower cost I am able to go from a voice & text flip phone to this beautiful 3G large screen Samsung Galaxy Reverb. Nice to not need a contract anymore.
I've had the phone for more than a week and I really can't say anything bad about it. I previously had an LG Optimus V. This phone is so much faster. The screen is large and bright. The camera takes great pictures and video. There is a ton of memory. Telephone calls are very clear and the voice recognition is very accurate. I'm really enjoying this phone.
this is a decent phone but i've been spoiled by the HTC evo 4g 3d--for a few bucks more I would go with the latter.
