"I'll begin by stating that I have owned four other cases prior to this one (yes, I'm one of those who needs to get a better case as soon as it comes along), but I believe this to be the last one I'll want to get for a while.  This case"
"After readig the reviews for this phone case (the black one), I was a little worried about how it would end up fitting on my phone.  Reports of it being difficult to get on and the difficulty of pressing the buttons were grossly exagerated.  I was able to put the case in with VERY LITTLE effort.  It was snug, but not too snug.  It NEEDS to be snug in order to do its job!"
"Don't worry, I'm not completely insane, I bought my wife an S3 and ordered this OtterBox for hers as well."
"It is very good like all the other reviews have been mentioned. I just want to say something about the buttons. I was hesitate to buy this OtterBox after reading all the reviews about the power button. But I like the color combination in the design of this case. I decide to give it a try. After I got the case I put it on and try the power button immediately. It worked very well. I thought I might just got a good one. Then I took it off and put the screen protector on. This time after I put the case on again, the power button did not work unless you push really really hard. So I realized that there might be some tricks."
"I bought a Ballistic SG0930-M365 SG case for my wife's Samsung Galaxy S3 and I bought a Otterbox Commuter case for my Samsung Galaxy S3.  The Ballistic case fits great, as does the Otterbox case."
"When looking for a case for my new s3 I spent a great amount of time reading reviews for different cases. I had always heard great things about OtterBox, so I was surprised to read all of the negative reviews for it. I went ahead and bought the case, and I'm so glad I did!"
"I had another case that I was very happy with and also was a dual layer design.  However, after reading so much about the OtterBox, I decided to give it a try.  The extra protection it offers and additional design options (covers for the ports and keys) made it a wise decision.  As many reviewers have noted (on this, as well as for other colors), it was a challenge to get the outer case on.  In many respects that is good as it means a super fit afterwards.  Many reviewers have also commented on the stiffness of the power and volume buttons and I have to agree that took some getting used to.  However, I discovered from another reviewer's comments, you can unlock the phone just by pushing the home button.  (Who knew....?)  That immediately took care of any issues with the power button.  There is extra bulk to the OtterBox, but that's also what makes it such good protection for my investment.  It appears to be able to take any kind of drop and still fits comfortably in my pocket.  I already had a fitted screen protector on my phone, so didn't use the included one.  I do think it's nice to have one as part of the package, although I can't comment on the quality of it.  I love the color and am more impressed with the design the longer I've had it!  As always, the price on Amazon can't be beat!  Overall, I am extremely happy with this purchase and encourage you to seriously consider it if you're looking for a high quality case for your Samsung Galaxy 3!"
"I was so excited about this case that I ordered it on june 27th I didn't get it till Aug 1st, cause there were delayed everywhere online and in stores. Still that didn't bother me, I eagerly waited. when it arrived I was very happy, I quickly took off my other case (incipio) and put on the otterbox. However my excitement was short lived. The otterbox is a good case but it is nearly impossible to press the volume and power buttons on the phone without exerting a LOT of force. I was disappointed and went back to my Incipio within 5 minutes. I am returning it. Otterbox you have let me down."
"Good protection for the bulk, or lack thereof. Wanted a case because the S3 is so skinny, was having a hard time hanging onto it. Dropped the phone on concrete over 4 feet in this case and it landed with a chushioned thud. So the case works awesome. Buttons are so stiff it serves a second purpose of building grip strength. With your new iron grip, you will be that less likely to drop the phone so maybe it was on purpose...."
"The buttons take more effort to press than expected. That's the only downside, although I got used to it after about a week of use."
"""It's an Otterbox"" : that statement is synonymous with quality, ruggedness and style and this case was no different."
"I have been a huge fan of otterbox for several years.  Having purchased many Commuters in the past (IPhone, Gnex, Razr Maxx) I was excited to get one for my new G3."
No joke but this is my 6th case I have purchased for my s3. I have a ballistic coming in the mail so that will be my 7th. I guess I am on a mission to find the perfect case.
"After reading the reviews of the OtterBox Commuter Case for the Samsung Galaxy S3 I decided to see for myself if there would be any issues with the stiff buttons and difficulty installing it on the phone.  It arrived today and it took less than 2 minutes to install.  This case is really nice, yes the side volume and power buttons are a little stiffer now than they were without the OtterBox case but this is a blessing as I was always turning my ringer and screen off.  I am female and not very strong so I take issue with the person who felt a woman wouldn't be able to operate the buttons with this OtterBox Commuter Case, I'm also in my 60's and have the beginning of arthritis in my knuckles and am having no problem with the volume or power buttons.  Of course I use the home button on the front of the Galaxy S3 to turn the screen on and only use the power button to turn the screen off or to power the phone on and off but have had no issues doing this and here is how, I use my middle finger of my left hand which is cradling the phone resting between my thumb (with my thumb running up along the left side of the phone) and fingers I press the button and it just works, if I approach the button from the front of the phone I find that putting my finger a little towards the back of the button and pressing in an upward press towards the front of the phone the button works smoothly. The Otterbox Commuter Case is a nice addition to this beautiful phone and adds very little bulk while adding a lot of protection. Thank you OtterBox for another GREAT Case!"
"I have had Otterbox Commuter cases before, so I knew what to expect. This is a very protective case. The color is bright and fun. The case fits my Samsung Galaxy S3 perfectly, and looks great. So, what's not to like? As a couple of other users have stated, the part of the ""soft"" inner case that covers the volume and power buttons is too stiff, making it overly hard to push the buttons. So hard, in fact, that I ended up returning the case. Some resistance is to be expected, but this was a deal breaker for me. Also, it's important to note that if you like to change your case frequently, this might not be the best choice for you. It's a little harder than some cases to put on."
"The commuter series is a strong and durable case that is cheaper than the defender and just as good. Comes with a screen protector so that saves you money too. However, it does NOT come with a phone clip. We ended up exchanging it for the Defender because I wanted the phone clip. Other than that, there really isn't much of a difference with the defender AND the commuter is cheaper."
Everyone has black so I wanted a different color seeing as the Samsung S3 is blue this complaints it very fine. The outer cover is a bright blue with the inner color a dull blue.  The cover does not have a rubber feel which makes it easy to slip into your pocket.
"Although it was slightly difficult to get the case on due mostly to the custom fit of  the case,I do find the buttons on the side hard to press. I also find it to be both a burden and a favor because anyone owning the Samsung galaxy s3 will attest that the  volume button is very easy to hit while just palming the phone. So with that small annoyance, I gave it a four out of five rating. The colors look great and the over all feel of the case now gives the phone a more durable feel. So over all a good buy and I am happy with the product."
"Looking at the abundant good reviews about this phone case, I thought I'd try it out for a spin on my new Galaxy s3. Pros: The design is simple and slick, light weight and easy to carry. Cons: The rubber part is a bit low quality and can be easily torn apart. The case itself was difficult to put on. But most importantly the buttons did not match up. I was one of the unlucky ones and got a badly manufactured case. My power button did not match up and it got stuck turning my phone on and off. I will be returning my case to hopefully receive a better one."
"I had seen the Defender and knew it's rep for amazing protection despite a clunky design, so tried the more streamlined Commuter. Ordered it at the same time as the Incipio Silicrylic which also got great reviews. Put the Otterbox on first, and just getting the case on was a struggle, as you have to work to get the plastic buttons over the hardshell case. Once it was on the back of the case was so slick, it was slicker than having no case on at all (which tell you how slick this case is)."
"Love the otterbox, of course the protection is impeccable. I, personally, really enjoy the white with the grey accents. The case itself doesn't add too much bulk but it does make the phone feel a lot sturdier - I don't feel nearly as inclined to drop it now. The edges are raised just enough that if it does fall face down the screen will still be protected. Many people have mentioned the poor functionality of the buttons, especially the power button. It's true that it's difficult to press at first but I've had the case on my phone for about 2 weeks now and the power button is getting easier and easier to push and I haven't found the volume buttons to be much of a problem at all. To help make the button a little easier to push, I powered off the phone and pressed the button repeatedly a few times (quick enough and not for long enough that it turned the phone on). I think the otterbox is a great case for the delicate phone and the button problem will resolve itself after a little use. Don't let your fear of a stiff button hold you back from purchasing this!"
It's an Otterbox - solid and good looking.  My only complaint is that the case makes it really difficult to access the power button.
I bought this case even though I read reviews that the power button is hard to use with it. I thought that people may just be complaining because it's a little harder to push the button with the case on. Also I've had other Otterbox cases before and they were always so well built and protected my phone better than other cases.
"Got this today, tried it on my new Galaxy S3. Phone went to Safe mode; didn't know what is the problem."
"I received my commuter case in purple today for the Samsung Galaxy S3. Let's say functionality wise, it's a solid protective case. I am very disappointed in how they show purple on here, it came as two shades of purple, the silicone skin is the purple as in the picture and I would have imagined the hard shell would be exactly the same color. It is not. It is an UGLY pink rose/magenta-ish old color. It reminds me of something in my grandma's fake flower arrangements. It is awful. I was sorely disappointed upon receiving. HOWEVER... I called Otterbox up today and told them how disappointed I was and asked if I could order just a black shell (so I could have a purple/black combo) She said they can't do that but as a customer sat. she is sending me an entire black commuter case at no cost so now I will be able to switch out the horrendous pink shell soon with the black :) Solid case other wise. AWFUL COLOR."
"The actual case is a slightly lighter lime-green color, but it is still bright and vibrant. Difficult to put on just like any other Otterbox case. Comes with a clear screen protector. I had a hard time putting it on without bubbles. The case does add some bulk and makes the buttons harder to press, but it isn't so bad. Overall I'm very pleased with this case."
"I really like my Samsung Galaxy S III with one exception - this very cool phone feels very fragile!  I saw that ""drop test"" on YouTube and I shuddered at the thought.  I once dropped my old original Motorola Droid but it thankfully survived.  I doubt the S3 would be so lucky.  This OtterBox case totally envelopes the outside of the phone with a tough outer plastic shell snapped over a tight rubber skin.  The result seems just right --- easy to grip and it feels durable.  The power button does require extra effort to use when powering on but requires less effort when waking up the screen. I assume you don't want a power button that's too easy to activate or you'll drain your battery with a screen that never turns off."
Item which we received is not good. Sending back to amazon.
"I just got this in the mail the other day. Installation was easy, i skipped the included screen protector because the gorilla glass should be pretty sturdy on the S3 and I think screen protectors are ridiculous.  The color is nice, installation is easy and most of all it feels really solid. The green plastic is extremely hard and tough feeling, and the little bits of rubber that stick out make it grippy in your hands without making it so grippy that it won't slide in and out of your pocket easily.  The S3 is an extremely thin phone, so i was worried this would add a ton of bulk but it doesn't at all. It actually makes the phone easier to hold by adding a bit of thickness to the edges so you feel like you've got a better handle on it.  So yeah i think it feels and looks great and would totally recommend this case."
"Just got my GS3 & hate the thinness & wimpy plastic they used but love the rest of the phone. Sooo, getting this strong, awesome Otterbox cover was exactly what I needed. Would like to see more vibrant colors but as long as my cellie is safe, I don't care. Not worried about it anymore. I don't think the buttons are that hard to push. They work fine, do the job. No complaints here."
"I purchased this because I've had Otterbox cases in the past.  They have a wonderful design and reputation for fitting snugly.  While this case did fit perfectly, the inner blue ""rubber"" case was too hard.  My past cases were made of a much softer plastic which allowed to press buttons (volume, power, etc) very easily.  I found myself pressing so hard on the buttons with this case on that my fingers would cramp.  As much as you use the buttons, this was unacceptable."
"Again, Otterbox has designed a great case. The protection is above average and the case fits the phone perfectly and looks good too.  My only gripe is power and volume buttons are hard to depress through the rubber case. I hope it will loosen up over time/use."
"I just received and installed the Otterbox Commuter case for Samsung Galaxy SIII. I got this to replace the TMobile D30 impact protection case, which was twice the price of the Otterbox ($36 in store, vs. $17 for Otterbox on Amazon), and just didn't seem to provide the same kind of protection. I wasn't entirely convinced the TMobile D30 case would protect against a shattered screen, and a lot of the phone's sides were exposed, leaving me to wonder how they would fare in a drop that landed just so. The Otterbox case came highly recommended by friends and family, and after seeing how much it covered, well, EVERYTHING, I decided to give it a go."
"I love this cover. I have the white one.  It is really slim and has protected my phone and absorbed a few drops.  My husband is jealous of it because the case fits so nicely.  He ha the Otterbox commuter for the Iphone 4s and it is much bulkier than the Galaxy SIII case!  Some reviews complained about the buttons being hard to push, but i had no problems."
"Over all I am very happy with this product. One down side is that it increased the bulk of the phone considerably. However, it is a small price to pay for the protection of the phone. I dropped the phone on concrete and it protected the phone quite well. Otterbox customer service is also a joy to work with. I cracked the case removing it and they have already sent me a replacement. I would buy it again."
"My case arrived quickly, the colors are similar but not the same as the image. The package arrived without a packing slip, paperwork or note of any kind. It was not in or with any Otterbox packaging either, simply in a bag with a barcode. I did not require retail packaging, but SOMETHING more than a case in a bag would have been nice. I didn't receive any paperwork, install instructions or anything that gave me any type of instruction what-so-ever. I have never had a screen protector, and had no idea how to put it on correctly -off to youtube I suppose. I am keeping the product, as I am worried about not having protection for my brand new phone, but a bit ""more"" would have made me feel more confident about this purchase/seller."
"I bought the Commuter Series because I do not work on a construction site with heavy machinery, but I did want solid protection for my phone.  This is designed to be placed inside pockets because it does not have a belt clip attachment.  All materials used are of high quality.  I found no problems with the buttons, or port placement on the inner liner.  The thermosplastic outside case offers sturdy, yet lightweight protection. Make sure you hold it comfortably as the outer case is smooth.  This could be fixed by adding a light stippling to add some ""grip"" with a wood burner if needed. The outer rims are raised, so the screen never touches the surface if placed screen down."
"I have always heard otterbox cases are the best so I decided to purchase a commuter case for my new galaxy s3. I'm not saying that all otterbox cases are bad, just this one. The I phone otterbox cases are awesome. This case is a design failure. I believe it should be pulled from the market and redesigned. First of all its super hard to put on. Once on its nearly impossible to push the volume and power buttons. You have to press the buttons almost as hard as you can to get them to work. Lastly, this case is slick plastic. It has absolutely no grip and slips out of your hands easily. Out of the two days I had the case on my phone I dropped it 4 times because of this. I just things this is an epic design blunder."
"The design of the soft cover's power button causes it to get stuck under the hard cover in a depressed state, essentially powering off the phone and not being able to power it back on unless you remove the cover. I'm sure it protects the phone just fine, but if my wife can't keep her phone powered on because of a design flaw...it's getting returned and receiving 1 star. She should have gotten the Urban Armor Gear cover like I have and suggested! Even still, she wants a bright green case and is going to try the Trident AG-I9300 case."
"This is a good product. However, the screen protector is not built into the case. It is just a normal screen protector that is seperate from the case. I did end up returning it, because it was not quite what was I looking for. The customer service was awesome. I returned this product and received my money back with no problems. I would not hesitate to order from this seller again."
