"I bought this printer to replace an inkjet that just went out. For subcontract work I do I need to print manuals ranging from 10-70 pages which this laser printer is great for, I also wanted to have a copier. I cannot comment on the scanner as I rarely use this feature on any of the multi-function units I have owned."
"There are two main reasons I chose this Brother printer over the competition.  The first is that it was the only wireless laser printer brand I could find that had an LCD display.  That was important to me because it allows the printer to be connected directly to a wireless network without having to be temporarily connected to a PC to do the configuration.  WIthout a built-in display you would have to connect it via a cable to a computer to do the configuration using the computer's display.  I wanted something that was entirely independent of a PC's display, and this one is.  Second, Brother seems to be using the old business model that HP and Canon once used, which is to charge more for the printer and supply the toner/ink at a reasonable cost.  These days HP and Canon practically give away their printers but their ink and toner is very expensive.  I love Canon inkjet printers especially, but their ink cartridges keep getting smaller and higher priced.  Next time I buy an inkjet I will definitely check out the Brother models.  Laser printers are much cheaper to operate than inkjet of course, and if you compare the price and capacity of the Brother TN450 cartridge that this machine uses to the price and capacity of similar HP and Canon machines you will see that this one has them beat."
"This printer is a new offering from Brother and I have only had it a couple of days, but my initial opinion is that it's a pretty good printer.  Set-up was easy, I have it positioned about 40' from my (very old) router on a different level of my house and connectivity so far has been flawless.  I have both printed and scanned without any issues.  I currently have a desktop and two laptops setup to print to this printer, again, no issues.  Print quality looks as you'd expect for a laser printer and scan quality seemed good as well.  On duplex printing the page does come out slightly curled, but I think that's to be expected in a printer of this size.  This is my first laser printer so I have nothing to compare it to, but the noise level does not seem bad at all, I can hear it from the next room but just barely and it's totally quiet while ""sleeping"".  Print speed is very quick, I thinks it's rated for less than 10 seconds for the first print and that seems about right, it's very quick.  As I stated earlier, I have not had this printer long, but so far so good.  I got this for significantly under MSRP, don't buy it for list price.  I'll try to provide an update after it's been in use for a while."
"I have never owned a Brother Printer before.  I have always used either HP, Canon, or Epson.  To my thinking, printers like those made by Brother and Lexmark have seemed to be less reliable in times past. The past 5 months have proved me wrong. This Brother is an astounding printer at a terrific price."
This is my second Brother printer and I absolutely love both of them. The duplex printing option is especially welcome after having to muck around with manual feeding to do duplex for so long (the other one is an HL-2070N).
"I got this printer for $99 on Black Friday, 2012, at Office Max. I haven't seen it that cheap since then. I use it in a mixed PC and Mac environment."
"We got this laser printer to have as an alternative to the inkjet printer we own.. yes the inkjet was cheap but the caratridges are so expensive and run out so fast!  We got the brother because we've had good experience with other products.  Also, the price is really good and replacement cartridge are also good price."
"I've had this printer about 6 weeks. I love the wireless functionality, the copy and scan capabilities, and the general way it is set up - it does a lot, but it's fairly compact and easy to place, and it doesn't spew printed matter everywhere - the copies/prints sit neatly on a little internal shelf in the front of the printer. The quality of copies and scans is good for a little machine, and printing is fast."
"Purchased this printer for our home.  Two high school students doing online homework, they do not use textbooks any more. Wireless setup took a while (1 hour) to get working, but the documentation was clear.  Able to print all wirelessly from both the laptop and desktop PC via the router with no issues.  Photo copier works great as well.  My son is also happy with the scanner, a requirement for high school and online classes these days.  Overall very happy with the printer.  The extra $50.00 is worth it for the copying and scanning.  The printout are very clear at 300 dpi and ""toner save mode"" turned on.  The best feature is the duplex printing - less paper and stapling!!!"
"Had an 18 year old Epson Action Laser 1500 (my old reliable workhorse) that would not work with my new Win 7 computer after spending many, many hours trying everything.  I LOVED my old printer and it pained me to get rid of it.  Anyway, to make a long story short I ended up with this printer.  I was able to get it on sale at Staples for $149.99 (regularly $199.99) and knew if I didn't like it I could return it without a problem.  I never thought I would love a printer as much as my old dependable Epson, but was pleasantly surprised with this one.  I found it easy to set up (I'm not using it wireless) and easy to use.  It has a lot of features that I didn't realize I would use but the auto-duplex feature is AWESOME, also you can print multiple pages on one piece of paper and duplex it so you have a file copy (small print) without wasting so much paper and makes your paper files smaller.  Also, I am scanning more documents now and starting folders on my computer to store them to waste less paper.  I am trying to downsize on actual paper file storage space so I like that.  Also, it's nice to be able to put a piece of paper on the glass and make a copy instantly.  Toner cartridges are less expensive than most - this printer is actually cheaper to use than an ink jet and laser copies don't smudge.  I can't say enough about it!!!"
Set up was easy on our wireless network (more below) and all PC's have easily loaded the drivers and accessed the printer.  We added this to our network to get lower cents/page printouts and so far it's been great.  Duplexing is a little slow but works flawlessly.  Text is very clear.
The printer functionality on this device works fine. In fact I would probably rate the device a 5 if they were more clear about the scanners limitations.
"I bought this printer to use in a wireless network which has both Mac and PC computers. It works very well in my environment and has good print/scan support for Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) as well as 10.6 and windows. The Mac software drivers and scan support were very easy to install. The print quality is good and it's nice to have a duplex capability. The scan feature works, although its a bit awkward as you cannot adjust the scan image size without pre-scanning, so you end up having to scan twice. It would be nice if you could scan just once and then adjust the image size before saving the document. It's not a AIO as it doesn't have fax capability, which I don't need; so, for me, it is a great little printer for the price (it was on sale) and features."
"I needed a black and white printer that could print out clear documents, shipping labels, etc at a low cost. My other printer, a Canon MP830, is an all in one color inkjet. But even when I only select black and white to print, somehow the color ink keeps getting lower and lower, which was costing me too much money. I did some online research and decided on this printer because of the low price, wireless capability and overall good reviews with regards to printing. I am not using it for a scanner because I have an Epson V700 for photos and my Canon MP830 also scans, so I can't say whether or not it scans well. I am by no means a techie or computer geek but I was able to get it up and running perfectly with my MacBook Pro, I did the manual configuration on the printer and it was very easy to follow the simple directions. Overall I am very happy with it and it suits my needs perfectly."
"I've made hundreds of printouts/copies. Excellent overall. I've only scanned documents for business, but with no glitches. The scanning software is trouble free, and I've not noticed any issues with scan quality. I share it among computers using the Ethernet port. The toner-low sensor comes on very early, as you may read if you research more. Forget the ""Low Toner"" warnings and just have your replacement toner cartridge available. Keep printing until the copies start to degrade. If you shake the old cartridge side to side to distribute the remaining toner, you may get more copies yet!"
"I was actually looking for a single function laser copier - but, unless you are looking at a high end office machine, they are getting as rare as dodo birds."
"It does the job we needed it to most, which is printing.  It was fairly straight-forward to set up, the print looks good, it's fast, it's quiet.  It's got all the features we need, too: wifi support, automatic duplex printing, ability to load lots of paper in the main tray, cheap ink, ability to feed in envelopes and card stock manually."
"Extremely pleased at the simplicity of setup and the clean design and layout of the features.  The manual is convenient enough for uncommon tasks or little used features, but you won't likely need it.  Wi-fi configuration has several options available depending on your current router setup.  I was able to connect my desktop via USB and two laptops (one Win7 and one Mac osx) and even my iPad (via a free separate non-Brother app) in about 15 minutes.  Scanning is super quick and easy and offers flexible output features like Scan to File, Scan to Email, various formats, etc.  Printing is 3-4 x faster than my old Canon inkjet and the duplex feature is also convenient and economical.  Never thought this printer would be THAT much better than a ink-thirsty inkjet...it is!"
"This was my first Brother printer, and it will be my last.  First, the fan that goes on after printing is loud.  I could live with it if it went off fairly quickly, but it lasts for a while until it goes into a ""deep sleep""...and that is only if you use it WIRED.  If you use it wirelessly, the directions say it never goes into a ""deep sleep.""  Second, unlike Canon and HP printers, the DRUM is NOT a part of the toner cartridge, which means you need to replace it after approximately 12,000 prints, according to the instructions.  Third, there was also some other noise coming from inside the unit, like a hum, when the fan was on.  Needless to say, this went back and I'm trying the Canon MF4570DW as a replacement."
"I purchased this model to replace a much older Brother laser printer and paid less this time! The print, scanner and copy quality is excellent. The operation is reasonably quiet and quick enough for family and small business use. The only difference from our last one that I'd noticed is that when I print on small Avery labels (not the letter size), the text comes out slightly crooked on the label and is difficult to retrieve without opening the printer - an easy operation but something I didn't have to do before. Otherwise everything is pitch perfect for a great price."
This is a good printer for home office. Setup was easy. Printer quality is good. If your intention to get a good scanner here - forget about buying this printer for that purpose. Bad quality when scans photos - leaves bright lines even with high dpi. I have another brother printer which is MFC 9840CDW - scanner is way better on that one - scans like those pictures were digital. I don't know why this printer has such a bad scanner - although it should be the same on all brother multi-functional printers.
No wireless. Does not recognize network key - repeated error messages - hangs repeatedly. Hours wasted. Have no idea if it's a Brother issue or Actiontec issue but never had this problem with Cannon and Gateway. Would give it away.
"This was my favorite printer.  Super fast, clean printing for the office.  Then the toner ran out and was changed.  After that is stopped working.  It keeps saying paper jam, most of the time there is no paper jam.  Ill get it to print maybe 2 sheets then it's back to the stupid jam error.  Sounds like others are having the same issue."
"I am currently in graduate school and when I began working on my dissertation I found myself in desperate need of an affordable, quality printer that could withstand very heavy, daily use. I was also looking for a printer that included the duplex feature because I print hundreds of pages of research articles and used to waste a lot of paper. After partaking in weeks of thorough research on laser printers, I decided to purchase the Brother HL2280DW. Approximately three months have passed since I began using the printer and I remain extremely satisfied with my purchase."
"i purchased this product mainly for the fact that it was a laser printer, However after just receieving this product and with just a few uses maybe 100 pages or less i have already received a message that the toner is low and i need to purchase a replacement. The printer itself is wonderful but the toner cartridge is a different story. my advice is that if you purchase it, just get an additional toner cartridge cause the one it comes with is definitely not worth it."
"Printer works great out of the box, easy setup.  Scanner works pretty well, but the onboard Scan button needs some work.  Installing the driver, takes you through a straightforward ""register your PC to the scanner's 'Scan' button"" screen.  So you think it's set up--easy, right?  But if you're on a Windows 7 home network at least, when you then press the scanner's ""Scan"" button, you'll get ""Connecting to PC"" on the scanner's display for a minute, then nothing.  Fortunately it's an easy fix--on Windows just hit the start button, type in ""Allow a program through windows firewall"" (or part of it) and click the link.  Look for ""BrotherNetwork Scanner"" in the list, and make sure all three checkboxes are checked, and press OK.  The scanner's ""Scan"" button should now find your PC and scan appropriately.  That worked for me anyway."
"wireless, laser, duplex printing, scanner, one button copies, less than 150 bucks shipped.  Who could ask for more for the price, and it is a great name in printers to boot!  Say bye bye to dried up bubble jet ink cartidges that fail way before they ever reach their potential, because you only print once and awhile!  this is the way to go if you have that problem!"
"Printer works great. Easy to set-up wireless printing.  Downloaded Brother Wireless printer application from Google Play, now I can print from my android devices."
There are many excellent things about this printer
"Love the hardware, hate the software."
"I'm not too tech savvy and I'm not a business owner printing on a somewhat ""large"" scale compared to the average person. I brought this printer on sale for $100 (2/16/13). Well worth the investment seeing $200 is the list price. I mainly purchased it to save money. I was tired of spending money on ink jet cartridges that cost $15 to only print 160 pages if even that. I do moderate printing in-home. I've tried the printing, scanning, and duplex options and have not been disappointed thus far. The pages do come out a little curled when printing in duplex but whatever. If you want the paper straight, try to old-age trick of sitting the paper in between the pages of a really thick book and sit something heavy on top of it. When I printed a copy of something, the text on the copies came out nice and black & it's in toner saver mode!"
"If you're strictly printing on 8.5 x 11"" paper from the tray, this printer works fine.  Scanner is great."
"Bought this because it was cheaper than buying a good quality drum unit for our ten year old one.  It's great but it's noisier than expected.  Fast, good quality, but the rattling was disappointing.  Can't use it when husband is sleeping."
"I purchased this on BF for < $100, so for that this printer is great value. The scanner works pretty well, as does the printer. I'm not overly enthusiastic about the overall quality of some of the printed pages, but for the price it's hard to be so picky. I have owned Epson and HP printers over the years and find those two brands are superior to Brother as far as print quality. My Epson was a total ink whore and was terribly inefficient, thus the change to a Brother laser printer. I'm hoping this printer yields at least 1,000 pages per cartridge, but have yet to make it that far to know for sure."
"This Brother B&W; Laser printer was very easy to set-up. I chose to add it (wired) to my Ethernet network and it awakens and prints from a deep sleep to either of my two computers. The print quality is excellent. 99% of my printing is b&w;, so this meets my needs of a low cost per page and reliable printer. I haven't yet consumed the starter toner, but have read the test results of the printer. So far I am very pleased with it."
"Bought this on Black Friday. Got it home, set it up, works great. Connects to both my PC's, both laptops, both iPad 2s, and two Android smartphones. I have it hardwired to my router for better performance, so can't comment on if you have the printer hooked up to the router by wireless, but the laptops ipads and droids are all hooked up to the router wirelessly and work great."
Both my wife and I have printing center to use at work. We need a laser printer/scaner/copier at home for light usage. Brother HL2280DW is perfect for us!
"I have made at least 10 attempts to connect to my router.  It does find the router but after entering my security key, fails to connect. I will try a replacement unit and if that does not work, I will return it.  I have the MFC 7840W, which has no connection problem but breaking down in less than 4 years."
"The printer comes with a small amount of toner. I started getting ""low toner"" messages before going through 500 pages. I should have bought an extra cartridge of toner at the time of purchasing the printer, but who knew that there would be so little. A cartridge costs about $50 on Amazon, so that changes the cost of the product. Otherwise, the printer is ok, I did not have any other problems with it."
