Problem:
"I had two issues after receiving the iphone, one the center or home button was hard to push, after only one day of use - the screen displayed the itunes logo and a usb cable, i tried turning on/off several times and tried reloading thru itunes-failed due to iphone being unlock, this according to vendor i purchased the phone from.  The vendor seemd kind and concerned about addressing my two issues, so I sent back the iphone for him to fix at my own expense, he reloaded software and stated in a letter I got with the repaired phone to NEVER update your iphone on itunes, and as far as the center button or home key, the vendor stated it seems to be ok, thus,  no it  was not fixed, so after spending several hundred dollars for this used iphone that was advertised as in great shape,was in my opinion not, buyer beware- software is one big issue with unlocked phones and performance or buttons are another, I used the iphone for another week and got a pineapple on the screen, so long story short, I ended up just buying buying a iphone thru Apple store."
"After the phone arrived, I notice immediately that it was missing the SIM card holder, so all I actully had was a very expensive iPod. I have since aquired a SIM Card holder, just to find out the the unlocked phone I purchased was locked. Because I know a little something about this phone, it is working find now. I am truly disappointed in you amazon, because I know you are better then this. I hope and pray this was just an oversight, as a number of my friends are looking to purchase from you as well."
"I bought a new iphone from the seller and after 3 days of receiving the phone, some buttons stopped working. Due to I live in other country, I took the phone for repair here, and was informed that the phone was not new. I had to pay USD 90 extra dollars to repair the phone."
"When I originally purchased for the phone, I opted for expedited shipping. Well that didn't happen because it took almost two weeks to get here instead of the 3-5 days that was promised with expedited shipping. After I had finally gotten the phone I connected it to my PC. It did a search and needed to be updated to the latest version, which had been accessible for quite a while. While I was running the update, the phone froze and was not doing anything. I took it to the nearest apple store for them to tell me that the software was screwed up on the phone and that the battery doesn't hold a charge at all. I had the phone to charge for more than five hours, and it was getting ready to die after only two. I then had to purchase a new phone with the store instead. Poor poor purchase."
This unlocked iphone 3G is very good and can used T-mobile or orther network except Net10.
"in my opinion this product.,  iphone 3G was very bad purchased., because its not unblocked and the main button its not working., and the battery not working good too., so my purchase was very bad"
This phone is not unlocked by Apple corporation. This iPhone is illegal jailbroken. Never upgrade it!  After first upgrade device stopped working and has become a useless piece of iron. The first update Apple has offered in first turning on.
"it is very bad condition, i never buy it again. the first time i used it, it was ok, but after a few weeks, this phone get problem,The screen is flickering.............."
"I bought 2 Iphones on the same date and they both stopped to work on the same week. I went to an Apple store in Brazil for warranty and they told me that this Iphone is false. There is no serial number. Don't buy this. Now, I want my money back. See what you going to do with this. It past just 2 months and I want my money. I want a RMA to send these back to US. There is no serial number on the Iphone"
This phone got re-locked when I updated the softare. Make sure you are buying factory unlocked phones and not this junk that was probably unlocked by a 12-year old in his basement.
"The first phone got hot and the battery discharged in 4 hours from a full charge, so I returned it.  I tried to update the software in the second phone on the Apple site and was given an error 1015, which stated the error can occur when an unauthorized modification to the IOS has occurred, also the phone could not be restored.  I called Apple and gave them the serial number.  Apple advised me the phone was NOT NEW (as stated on the web page) and the warranty had expired some time ago.  They sold it to a company in europe March 19, 2003.  Further APPLE stated they NEVER sold ANY UNLOCKED iPhones prior to the iPhone 4 and had NOT unlocked this phone (as stated on the web page)."
Wireovia sold me an altered phone which does not work and they voided the warranty by their alterations.  They also refuse to take responsibility and remedy the situation.
I've recently bouht this phone during a trip to Miami.
"I purchased the Iphone for my 13 year old son as a birthday gift. I currently have Tmobile as a my cell phone provider and didn't want to go thru the process of going into a new 2 yr contract or purchase an expensive phone thru the plan, so I searched because he always wanted an Iphone. The phone was delivered within 3-4 days I believe which was very fast and it was unlocked as it stated and it was in very good condition. I called my cell provider and updated my data plan for his line and they were very helpful and the phone is working without any problems. I may purchase another one for my mother from the same company. Very happy with the phone."
"Understood that apple iPhone was unlocked,but i believe someone has used it as well as i coudl see pics onto the phone."
The phone is very slow... it comes with out-dated software. the notifications do not come up on the phone.... im returning it
"The phone does not work well because they get a lot of notices of applications. For example, the application I could use Viber for damages arises. Hearing aids are damaged."
The device comes to you ios 4.2.1 installed which s heavy for iphone 3G.Everything s so slow and also phone has many problems.On keyboard first row didnt work.YYou definitely should stay away this product.
"I ordered an iphone from this store and sent it oversea as a wedding gift. Months after, my friend told me the iphone was totally a knockoff. At the beginning she thought it was just a little slow,  and the app icons looked different because it is oversea version. However when she took it to the local app iphone store, she was told that ""it is an knockoff with an iphone shell!!!!"""
"I bought my unlocked iphone3gs from Apple for $375. It came with charger, Usb, and earphones. It is SO easy to use."
"I purchased an Iphone, the second day, I looked down and had no screensaver.  after touching the screen I noticed that it was asking me if I wanted English, then USA, then it was telling me to please reboot using ITunes.  I did this and phone worked.  It later would not let me send messages. button would not work.  Then I had the rebooting problem again.  After the third time, of reboot all in a week of purchase, I contacted vendor,he suggested I go into the Apple store with it.  They were not nice, said I probably bought bootleg or refurbished phone.  After I told them where it was purchased.  They suggested I get my money back.  I am still waiting on my reimbursement.  As for as I am concerned Apple and IPhone can drop off the face of the earth.  This was not a good experience for me."
"Hello, during the last month you ComRes amazon products for several thousand dollars, and I am deeply disappointed with their quality control on some products I've bought you and Amazon."
it is a jailbroken cell phone although they told they would fix it but have to pay xtra bucks for that. not a good idea to buy.
I have bought a iPhone 3G UNLOCKED phone. No where it was mentioned that the iphone was a jailbreaked handset.
"I owned the phone for over 2 years, and I enjoyed it tremendously.  The iOS works well and is more streamlined than the current Android OS.  The battery on the phone lasts long as compared to other phones in the market.  I recently upgraded to the iPhone 4, which is a big improvement over the 3G phone.  I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smartphone but doesn't want to spend very much money."
"THE DETAILS OF THE PRODUCT STATES THAT THE PHONE IS FACTORY UNLOCKED. THIS IS NO TRUE, THE PHONE IS JAILBROKEN AND UNLOCKED ON THE BASEBAND 6.15. IT COMES WITH THE FIRMWARE 4.1 AND NOT THE LATEST ONE FOR IPHONE 3G/3GS WHICH IS 4.2.1."
"I bought an unlocked refurbished Iphone because I will be using it overseas and I wanted something almost as good as new but without the pricetage.  For the most part, this phone has worked well but has a slightly faulty SIM chip insert.  At times I will get a no SIM card installed reading.  This usually corrects itself, but it is annoying because it has led to some missed calls and if I ever needed to make a call urgently and ran in to this problem, then it really would be a problem!"
I felt really bad when I got a phone that I found under the category LIKE NEW in evident used conditions.
"We are Americans living in Europe so we needed an unlocked IPhone.  The prices in the European country where we reside for an IPhone are double compared to the US.  I wanted to buy this for my husband for his birthday.  I had it shipped to my parents in the US and it arrived just fine with the recharger & USB line, earphones with microphone, etc.  It was packaged very well.  But if you also need an IPhone to use outside of the US, here is one thing you MUST be careful about.  When you hook the phone up to your PC to activate it, do NOT click on the option to upgrade or change the existing settings.  If you do this, you completely mess up your phone and you will need to take it to a computer specialist or Apple store to restore the settings.  This happened to us.  But the computer specialist in our neighborhood fixed it right away and my husband has been using it for over a week without problems using the SIM card from his older cellphone from our European provider.  He has downloaded his music in ITunes without problems and makes calls and sends SMS without problems.  So everything is fine now."
"I took this phone to Ecuador as a gift.  Even though it was advertised as inlocked, it did not work from the beginning.  It is impossible to return things from such a distance and I did not try it out before leaving the states because it was a gift.  I am not sure about other countries, but in Ecuador the government is doing what it can to keep phones from being brought in.  I don't know if this phone was blocked or just defective, but bringing in Iphones to this country is iffy at best."
The phone is not new. It is jailbroken. I worked well for 15 days. Then it just stopped working. When you go to apple they say the warranty for this pone is expired. It stopped working after 15 days.  Do not buy it!
"The used phone came in great condition,very good phone for the value!!!!I'm happy with my purchase!!!"
"the iPhone works for just 10 days, after that time it could not be charged (it was not the charger), now I doubt that the phone was really new"
"bought this phone as a present to my sister when i went to visit her in Jordan, 1st we discovered that it has no video camera!!u can only take photos not videos!!at 1st it was a little slow then after few days it start getting slower and slower and suddenly it jammed and turned off alone! because she lives in jordan she couldn't send it back to me to return it so she send it to a phones store to fix it and they told her that this is a very bad quality phone and they couldnt fix it!! i was sooo embarrassed from her and very disappointed because i payed alot of money to buy a worthless phone, i never wrote a review before in any product i bought but because i dont want any one else got cheated by this phone and lose their money im writing this one, just be careful and dont get fooled by the cheap price, pay a little bit more and get a much better quality"
"The product I knew it and it is OK. The problemis that I bought it ""unlocked"", and have to have a technician to really unlock it to be able to use it in Uruguay, where I live. There is still a problem in getting wifi signal, I must approach too close to the router. I bought it as ""new"", but I feel this product has been refubirshed or so. I will buy next product ar apple store directly. HAving lived in US, I should have returned this product."
I love the low price I paid.  It was ordered as a Christmas present for a family member being deployed to South Korea who needed an iPhone unlocked.  She calls home everyday on it.  It works just perfect.  She is very happy with it and I could not be happier with this purchase.
"Phone appeared brand new in immaculate condition, however the battery died after two weeks of use. Receipient is currently purchasing a new one and will see if the new battery lasts."
phone arrived in a non-working condition. it was not what i thought i was buying. phone should have been better described in listing.
