MY EXPERIENCE
"Let me first say that I have been a Roku user for a number of years now, and own a Roku  1 XD, XDS, and a Roku 2 XS. I have also owned and used in the past the Logitech Review using GoogleTV, the last two non-Google TV Sony boxes, and two generations of the WD TV Live streamers. After owning and using all those, the Roku is the only one that has a place in my livingroom, and here's why..."
The Roku 3 is an awesome upgrade from my previous Roku 2. (and from my previous Apple TV)
"OK, I am a certified Roku fan, prefer it to Apple, and mind you, between 2010 and now, I've bought 8 (eight) Rokus from amazon, and 1 from Roku directly, making it a total of 9. Yes, 4 of them were as gifts for friends. I've got the whole series, Roku HD, Roku XS, XDS, etc., and a unit each in three rooms. I am disclosing this just to make my point, my disappointment."
"I have the Roku XS, and have enjoyed it for about a year. The day the Roku 3 was released I had purchased it and had it delivered the next day. Set up was very easy just as it was with the last model."
"I am disabled, home bound and live on a small fixed income retirement.  I bought the Roku3 so I would have at least some level of entertainment in my home -- without having to pay the outrageous prices for cable or undependable satellite TV services which include dozens and dozens of obscure channels I would never watch.  With the Roku3, plus Amazon Prime and Netflix streaming, I now have tens of thousands of movies and TV shows to watch for about $14.50 per month.  The device (the Roku3) is amazing!  I bought this particular model of the Roku devices because I can hard wire it to my router (I think that is a bit faster than a wireless connection) and so I would have the quick-replay feature on the remote.  I know it sounds corny, but considering my circumstances, the Roku3 has enriched my life beyond my expectations.  I highly recommend it."
"I wasn't so sure if I should get this thing, I mean, I already had streaming capability through my Sony BD BluRay player. If you're going through the same should-you/shouldn't-you deliberations: Just get over it and buy this wonderful gadget. It was easy to install, and frankly, it kicked my Sony's butt many times over."
"My family has been adding Roku players since the original model came out.  They have all worked well from day one, so I wasn't sure it would be worth the hassle to upgrade, especially in one of our older rooms where the TV is high-def but had an older external sound system and a component-video setup using RCA-type jacks (the Roku 3 needs an HDMI cable, which BTW you need to provide).  Through many frustrating experiences I've learned you can hit a snag installing even the best-designed electronics, and approach upgrades with caution."
"I was a bit leery at first at how well streaming could work.  I had used netflix on several other devices, including my PS3 and found it less than desirable.  However, after using the Roku 3 for a few hours, I was amazed at how well it works!  It is like a completely different world."
I bought this a week ago (from ***mart because I was able to put it on my ***mart credit card) and I just got around to setting it up and trying it out yesterday.
"As a 20+ year convert to mainly all things Apple,  I decided to check out the ROKU 3.  The main reason was to have an easier solution to getting Amazon Prime Videos on my TV than just airplay through my Mac."
"My first impression of the Roku 3 encapsulates utter amazement and minor annoyance. The interface glides with its ultra snappy processor. It's intuitive enough where my Luddite mother can navigate to pandora and netflix and CNBC (sorry Mom). This box replaced my TWC plan, and paired with my subscriptions to Amazon Prime, HBOGO, and Netflix, it offers a substantial catalog of enjoyment. The remote facilitates headphones for when you don't want to disturb others-- by far my favorite feature. I would highly recommend the Roku 3 based on these advantages. There, are however, two qualms I have with this box. One is only tentative: youtube has yet to be supported. This will be straightened out, no doubt. But the second issue, which has merited the 4 rating, is the life sized advertisements which populate the right side of the ""My Channels"" screen."
"I wrote a scathingly negative ""one-star"" review (see my other Amazon reviews) of the Roku 2 XS when it first became available here on Amazon.com in August 2011."
I like to review my products fully. Package to Play.
"Roku 3 enhanced my viewing experience, and it instantly solved a long-standing problem. Let me explain."
"I would like to say this little box is amazing! Super easy to set up. The remote acts like a Wii remote, and also includes a headphone jack. You might be thinking headphone jack...but it's pretty cool once you understand how/why I use it. I am able to listen and stream my music during the day with the tv off and be able to listen to my headphones while surfing the web or walking around my house doing chores. I need to be quite during the day while my night worker hubby sleeps, so this is amazing. I can also switch the input on the tv, so I can still stream and listen to my music while he plays xbox or watches tv. Pretty cool. The Roku also has games to play and the playability is comparable to the Wii remote. Very responsive remote. I like the new Angry Birds Space that came with my box. Also a neat feature is the Roku app that you can download for either Iphone/android. I actually like using my iphone app remote better, since you can connect to your pic's and music. You can show a slideshow of your pic's on the tv, by using the Roku and the app. Pretty slick! I am very impressed. This box streams and responds to your every command without a hitch! We have Xbox 360's, a smart tv and a blu-ray player that we use for streaming things like Netflix, Amazon and Pandora and I will say I love the interface and responsiveness of the Roku much better! Another cool feature that we will be using this summer will be taking the box, remote and an hdmi cord with us. That way we can still stream our tv/movies/music AND be able to keep the kids entertained by playing games!So we will not be spending more $$ on tv/games while in hotels. Also if you have a newer tv in an RV, this could also work assuming you also have internet at wherever you stay! So total win win! I'm glad I was able to experience Roku 3 for myself, or I would have never believed a little black box was so awesome!"
"Having two Roku 2 units, I really like Rokus.  The Roku 3 remote earphone option was my main reason for buying this one -- for use with my noisy exercise equipment. It replaces my on-the-ear wireless headphones, and lets me use more comfortable in-the-ear options."
"I decided to switch from AppleTV to Roku because of my Amazon Prime Free Video (included with Roku but not Apple). The Roku 3 I received was obviously opened by somebody else and shoddily repackaged and resold by Amazon. I got past it since all seemed to be there and there was no ear wax on the earphones. Hookup was easy. I don't know why people complain about putting a credit card on account with Roku. It's also required for Apple via iTunes. The number of channels available via Roku (free as well as paid) put the AppleTV to shame. The Roku streamer is smaller than the AppleTV, but the remote is clearly cheaper. The Roku remote works fine and I like the one-button 7-sec replay. The headphone jack is cheap and I had to wiggle my high-quality Panasonic noise-canceling headphone plug to work correctly. I hope and trust that Roku will replace the remote when the plug gives up. Is it worth the money? Yes. Could it be better quality? Yes. Am I glad I switched? Hell yes."
"There are plenty of glowing reviews here about this item already. I don't usually write reviews, but I wanted to say that this thing is really great. The installation is incredibly simple, and there is a huge selection of movies, videos and music. If you want local channels, you only need to add an HDMI switcher and a digital antenna and you are set to go.  A lot of the movies are subscription or pay per view, but that is okay, I already had Amazon Prime ($79 per year), and it is great to be able to watch those movies on the TV instead of the tablet, Kindle, or computer.  If you are a regular consumer of a lot of the cable network stuff, you may miss those.  Personally, I was tired of paying a huge (over $100) monthly cable bill for over two hundred channels when I only watched perhaps six on a regular basis. Now, I only need broadband (half the cost I was paying for both).  Do what I did....get the Roku, but keep your cable for a month or so and see how you like it. A HDMI switch is inexpensive and it will allow you to switch from"
"I am a big Plex user and the Roku 2 had so many lag or buffering issues I switched to a WD HD.  The Roku 3 has fixed all my issues with Plex, has a cool headset feature, and much better interface.  Worth the upgrade."
I'm writing this review for two types of individuals:
"I wasn't sure if I needed one because both my TV and blu-ray player can both connect to netflix and amazon prime...I did.  This thing makes it so much easier to browse and watch.  I was already a spotify premium user, so this just made it even easier to listen to spotify at home.  My wife, who is borderline anti-technology, called me at work yesterday with the phrase, ""this black box thingie you bought is awesome!"""
"I actually have the Roku 2 on the TV in my office and I put the Roku 3 on the TV in my living room.  I downsized my cable service to basic which is saving me almost $200.00 a month.  The availability of Netflix, Hulu, Vudu and other online services allow me to see all of my favorite shows while keeping money in my pocket that would have been spent on expanded cable.  I like to added channels and the free Angry Birds game as well as the option to purchase other online games at a very low price. Make sure that you have an HDMI because one does not come with the player.  Also, this player can only be used on HDTVs with HDMI input unlike the 2 which can be used on any TV and comes with an a/v cable.  The other thing that is really neat about the Roku 3 is that there is a connection for the headphones (included) on the remote which is convenient if the other person in the room wants quiet."
"Formerly I had a Roku 2 XD that was attached to the network wirelessly (with an excellent signal, the router was eight feet away). I set up the Roku 3 via Ethernet cable (the XD does not have an Ethernet port). Both Rokus have 2 GB micro SD cards installed."
Update:  The Roku 3 continues to be a solid upgrade and an excellent player.... just love the speed and global search that includes actors.
"I was already in the market for a streaming device to connect to my TV when I was introduced to Roku.  I was very impressed from the beginning with the fluid menus and extremely easy setup. The device was literally up and running within a couple of minutes.  HDMI setup could not be any easier, and the only other cable you need to plug in is the AC Adapter. THAT EASY!"
"Since I am pretty detailed (and picky) about my tech products, here is a run down of my experience unpacking, setting up, and first using my new Roku:"
"First off I originally bought this to replace cable. Too expensive and was looking for a cheap alternative. Roku 3 was the best investment I have made at only $99. Quick, easy set up that my grandma could do, plus the easy to use remote. The channels are just what I want, esp. Netflix and Pandora."
If you're anything like me you don't like being limited. Unfortunateky Roku is the definition of limitations. For what it's worth the Roku box DOES what it's advertised to do: stream content from some of the most popular websites. You'll find out that this gets old pretty quickly. Most of the good content you still have to pay for through subscription. You can EASILY spend as much on these as you do for regular cable. I soon went looking for other options and discovered the g-box mx2.
Before I bought this device I was using a logitech Revue for Netflix and a sony bluray player for hulu plus and amazon instant video. With the Roku 3 I get all of these in one fast easy to use box.
"Roku 3 delivers all that it claims and does it very well. But for me Roku 2 also did all that very well. The three very desirable features for me that Roku 3 has are (i) ability to show home videos and photographs on a big screen, (ii) ability for instant replay of last 7 seconds of a video and (iii) head phone jack in the remote."
"I must admit I only purchased this roku because I was so intrigued by the remote headphone set up, since I couldn't find any similar type headset model.  However, as it worked out, I am delighted overall with this version of Roku, even though I already had a relatively new roku, plus a Vizio connected tv.  The original roku primarily was for HBO go.  However, I had found my earlier roku a little buggy, and the stream would stop and go, which never happened with my Vizio tv, so I knew it was not my internet or wireless connection.  On this version, it is very smooth, and the HD level picture is very sharp, so this one's operations  overall are far superior.  Also, you can use it now to search for movies/shows, the way you would with some apps.  So, under the main Search, you can input ""Argo,"" for instance, and it will show you all services that offer it (obviously aside from itunes which is not available on roku) and at what cost, including what is offered under amazon prime."
"I was able to preview the Roku 3 before final release and this product is amazing.  This is my first time testing a product like this before and I love it.  It has a search feature to find out what services are playing your favorite movie or TV show.  The streaming was rock solid, didn't have any glitches that I saw.  You can also play angry birds on it which was fun on my 65 in tv.  It comes with a remote / gaming remote similar to how the wii controller works.  There are also headphone jacks that plug into the remote for listening to Pandora or a movie and not disturbing people around you.  When you plug in the headphones the tv sound will go off.  It was quite fun and entertaining."
"I bought my husband this for a anniversary gift and at first when he saw the box he asked me why would you buy me another roku since we already own two roku 2. I told him to try it out and if he didn't like it I would return it. After trying it he is in love with it. First of all straight out the box it is set for 720p and we had to manually change it to 1080p which wasn't hard at all just go into the roku settings. The best part about this roku 3 compared to the roku 2 was that he was able to hook it to his 7.1 surround sound system. We didn't know this until we went into the settings menu and saw the option of surround sound so we had to actually set it to surround sound in the settings menu, but that isn't hard at all. Also the picture is so much better than the roku 2, its so crisp it looks like we got a new television. We are truly loving the roku 3. Another plus is our roku 2 remote works with the roku 3 so that's another plus. He also loves the fact that he is able to use his surround sound 7.1 with the roku the sound quality is amazing when watching anything on the roku. If you haven't bought one yet now is the time to get one. The ROKU 3 IS AMAZING!!!!!"
The Roku 3 is a great product. Set-up takes just a few minutes and it is easier to use then previous versions. The headphone addition is brilliant and has great range. I can walk around my house and in my garage and still listen without missing anything. The streaming is faster with better picture and sound quality. It is the best product for streaming video or music and I strongly recommend it.
"After all my years in the computer industry, its become a very high expectation of mine that hardware and software be easy to setup and get started with. That being said the Roku 3 is the fifth Roku I have personally installed. It is amazing that its ease of setup continues to get ever better. Take it out of the box, peel off the protective plastic, hook up the HDMI cable to your TV or monitor and the back of the Roku 3, connect the power brick and a Ethernet cable and you're done. That's it, you can't complain about 3 cables now can you?"
"I am already a Roku fan owning a 2 XS and have enjoyed many hours of trouble free streaming from Netflix, Amazon and Roku news channels. I needed a Roku on another TV and thought I'd move the 2 XS to that and give the Roku 3 the prime spot on the big screen in the family room. I'm so glad I waited on the Roku 3 to do that because this new model rocks!"
"I own four of the 1st generation Rokus, and I've purchased / configured several 2nd generation Rokus as gifts.  We still use the 1st-gen devices in our home, but their specs aren't keeping up with channel enhancements from Roku (in terms of memory space or hardware requirements).  So I was excited when I saw the Roku 3 product announcement, and I immediately ordered one on the first day of availability."
"This is my third Roku device.  About 2 months ago I started looking at replacing the last model Roku.  I wanted to take advantage of VUDU 1080p HD but my older Roku would only support 720 p HD and wasn't compatible.  So I started looking at the Roku 2XD.  I found it both at Costco and Amazon for $79, but I just didn't pull the trigger and held off buying it."
"For those considering the Apple TV- in contrast to the Apple TV, this device offers many more channels of content. The Apple TV offers better integration into an Apple based computer network of stream-able devices and purchasing materials through iTunes. Amazon and other channel purchasing services do work well for the Roku, but the feel is slightly different from those accustomed to the iTunes store. If you mainly buy content through iTunes or stream from iPad or an Apple computer, an Apple TV is not a bad alterantive. The Roku has more versatility of additional content choices not found in the Apple TV and the Roku has great control responsiveness (better than Apple TV)."
