"This set replace a 27"" CRT TV which broke down.I found the set-up easy, although I had to call Vizio tech support twice during the process to walk me through the settings. They were quick to respond and politely and expeditiously walked me through in clear English (they are located in the U.S.A)"
"I bought this on sale at another store. This model is not a ""Smart"" TV; the ""Smart"" model is the Vizio E320i-A0.  I use a Roku so don't need ""Smart"".  Overall, I'm happy with the TV.  Has a good picture, OK sound & the connections I need.  I use this as a bedroom TV & it works great for that.  I do not have cable or satellite so I use antenna; I can see the city tower from my house so I have wonderful reception."
Let me start off by saying that I didn't buy this TV from Amazon. I got it refurbished from another store for under $200.
"I recently purchased the VIZIO E601i-A3 60-inch 1080p 120Hz Razor LED Smart FHDTV, an absolutely phenomenal TV with every conceivable feature you could ask for. Wanting to get a smaller TV for a second bedroom, I stumbled upon the TV featured here, the VIZIO E320-A1 32-inch 720p 60Hz LED HDTV TV at a friends house. He had just purchased it from Amazon. Upon checking out the TV; I felt as if it was missing some features that I was looking for. My friend was a little upset, but eventually pleased when I told him that he might want to return it to Amazon and get something else. While the picture and sound are excellent on this model; unless you're only buying a TV for the basics; I'd spend a little extra and get one that has more features than this. On the other hand; if all you need are the basics, look no further, as you won't find a better picture on any other 32"" TV. This one comes with only 2 HDMI ports, which in my opinion is too few. There's no picture in picture, and more importantly, there's no Apps for streaming video. It comes with a very thin bezel(a great feature), as do all of the new Vizio TV's. The 720P resolution is superb, and is all that's needed on a TV of this size. As mentioned above; the surround sound was exceptional and quite an improvement over previous generation Vizio TV's. While at his house; I watched a few minutes of a soccer game, and found the picture to be extremely stable, with virtually no blurring effect during movement. The problem with the TV(for some people, not all) is that for the price, or slightly more; you can get one that has a lot more features. My friend knew nothing about streaming video, as he gets Netflix DVD's by mail. When I told him about the streaming feature available on most new TV's; he agreed that he had probably made a bad choice for him, which does not mean that this would be a bad choice for others. The bottom line is that if you're looking for a basic TV without streaming capability; this is an excellent choice. If you want more features, such as are available on most new TV's, than I would look elsewhere. Keep in mind that many people have no interest in streaming video, and as such this TV IS a superb choice."
"I love that this TV is easy to hook up and the menu is mostly intuitive.  But it quit showing captioning after a few days, and I had to call for help.  Customer service is for the life of the TV, and I got great service!  Captioning is back.  A small disappointment is that from the side, the picture is not as good as directly in front (colors fade)."
"I bought this TV to use for gaming and watching movies in my bedroom. The 32 inch screen feels almost theater-size compared to the 20-inch I used to have in my room. It's hard to tell without seeing it in person, but the TV is very classy looking and should look good in any home. The thing I love most is how thin the bezel is. In a dark room the screen just kinda floats there."
First the (possibly) bad news:
Picture is great and perfect size for the room we have it in. This makes three Vizio televisions we have purchased.
"I bought this TV to upgrade from an vizio 26' razor LED that i bought 2 years ago for 300. after seeing the great review from CNET about the smart version and deciding it wasnt worth the extra 50 bucks for the smart stuff seeing as i have an xbox for that, i bought this one expecting it to be on par with the 26 inch due to the fact that its the same company and same refresh rate (60 hertz), both were 720p screens and both are LED lit (the 26' is side lit, this is back lit). I was blown away by the quality of the screen over the 26 inch. the 26 inch tv was almost too bright, making blacks almost a grey color. this new tv (the 32 inch) is much better about this, most likely because it is backlit and not side lit. another great thing about this tv is how big it looks. the slim bezel on this thing really does wonders for making this thing look great. overall, i cant recommend this TV enough. it easily deserves % stars."
"Great size TV for the bedroom.  Sharp, bright picture with great color.  Definitely pleased with it.  Would positively recommend it."
"I ordered this set by mistake. I thought I was getting the model with internet connection to watch netflix, amazon etc. However I kept this set and am very pleased with the quality. The picture is excellent and has many choices for settings. I like how the pictures adjusts for room lighting. One issue I have is that I wish the speakers could be somewhere on the front of the set. They are on the back considering there is hardly any border on the front. The picture literally takes up the whole front of the set save about 1/2 inch border. I would buy another one of this set for another room."
There is nothing I dislike about this TV.  It replaced a heavy CRT TV in the bedroom; it seemed to heavy for the small shelf it was placed upon.
"For the price and free shipping..I thought this tv was the perfect fit for me.  I love the size for my living room.  The picture clarity and color is great.  Im very happy.  Anyone looking to get a quality tv, I highly recommend this one."
Opted for a 720 because it saved me some money over the 1080's in the same size.  Easy to setup.  I have ours hooked up to an Apple TV and a Leaf HD antenna.  Perfect for our needs.
"I wanted a TV for our bedroom that didn't cost a ton of money. We watch TV when we go to bed at night and this sits securely atop our dresser. It is lightweight and easy to clean under and around it. Colors and HD channels look great. It was so easy to program that I didn't even need to read the manual that came with it. It took all of ten minutes to physically set it up on the stand and begin watching our cable channels. Don't have a single negative thing to say about it, although I am not that persnickety about the technicalities of TV. I just want easy on, easy channel selection along with a great picture and easy off -- and that's exactly what I got."
"I bought this for my parents and they like it very much. It has a good picture and capability to set several different environments like movie, sports etc. I paid around $280 for it and feel it was a good deal."
"This TV is wonderful. Moderately priced, has great picture, easy to set up. We use it in our bedroom as a second tv on antenna only."
"I did a lot of comparing on the $250, 32 inch LED TVs and decided this was the best value for me.  Like any $250 TV, it is the mid/low end of product line, but Vizio seems to have a good reputation on this market.  Before I purchased, I called technical support to see how the response time was and was speaking to a person in about 2 minutes. (I always do that to make sure the support is there if I have a problem)  Also visited some stores that carry Vizio and talked with Returns people to get an idea of how many Vizio returns they have.  In both stores I visited returns were very low."
"First, a little history.  Our last Vizio model, the VW32LHDTV20A, was hit by a power surge through a faulty surge protector the last full week of march, and since then it has become unusable.  It was a great TV for being nearly 8 years old and I was sad to see it go, had it not been for the power surge I would still be using it today.  That being said, I can't fault Vizio for a power surge and because of my satisfactory experience with the previous TV, I was willing to buy from them again."
"Picture quality is excellent but sound quality isn't too good. The sound vibrates the shell of the TV and distorts some at higher volume levels. At ""normal"" levels, sound is average. I put this TV in my RV and overall, I'm very happy with it. The size and picture quality are terrific."
"I am satisfied with this product 32"" Vizio TV.  Good picture, easy to operate.  I would recommend it to others."
My husband surprised me with this one and so far everythings good. It's has nice picture quality and I love the remote.
