"For anyone out there who is considering whether or not to make the leap and purchase the iPad 2, this review is for you. If you're still debating between the iPad 1 and the iPad 2 check out my review of the first generation iPad right here on Amazon to see a discussion of its strengths and weaknesses with a number of people commenting (both positively and negatively) over the past 11 months."
"People need to be aware that the reviews you see for the iPad often reflect the old Mac/PC platform wars with some people making comments who simply don't like iPads from a distance, without actually owning one, because they see it as part of the deplorable Apple mania they find so distasteful.  They're entitled to their opinion, of course, but it is unfortunate they skew the evaluation of this product without the deep acquaintance one needs in order to give it an insightful evaluation."
"First things first: I consider myself relatively unbiased on Apple products. I received the original iPad as a gift (which I was able to return once I saw the iPad 2 announcement) and I have an old iPod 4th gen with color display which is still going strong after a few years, but aside from that I typically use Windows PCs and my phone is Android."
I have purchased both an iPad2 and Xoom for different family members.  I thought it worth comparing the two devices for anyone interested.  Many of my comments are subjective so bear that in mind when reading the review.
SUMMARY: White iPad 2 64GB Wifi-only
"If you're considering a tablet, the only rational choice is the iPad 1 or the iPad 2. Anything else you there is too expensive/too buggy/lacking support/etc. As someone who owns a desktop but no laptop, the iPad 2 is just perfect. A laptop would often be redundant, though it would be handy for working outside of the home.  With the iPad, I will use it all the time both in the home and elsewhere."
"i bought this from apple because amazon didn't have it yet.  I am middle- aged, love my nano, a kindle devotee from the first days, don't have a smart phone, and am a pc user.  at first i was awed by the touchscreen and the resolution quality.  images are gorgeous.  but now, it is really annoying.  too often the screen doesn't respond, and then reacts when you don't even know you're touching it.  the word processing function has been limited and limiting from the start, for someone accustomed to microsoft."
The iPad is an invaluable travel companion if you are a frequent travelet.
"My primary reason to buy an iPad was both work and home use. At work I wanted to stop printing the powerpoint decks and reports to read, and just read them on an iPad in meetings/on the go. For home I was tired of not being able to get to all my magazines and never having them on me when I wanted to read them. I also wanted to watch some TV/movies in bed/around the home so that I did not have to switch on the big living room TV. The iPad 2 has been a perfect solution for all these and more. I'm kicking myself that I went with the lowest 16GB version as I find myself downloading more content and apps everyday! It's not a laptop/desktop replacement either at home or work, but it's a great media consumption device and more."
"The biggest change in our lives so far with the arrival of our iPad 2 is now that we have three of them, no one is without an ipad 24/7.  You wouldn't think this would be a big deal but it is.  It has eliminated all discord here plus the place is quiet as a tomb most of the time as each person is curled up with his own ipad. We are a husband and wife in our 60s plus my husband's mother who is 100 years old. She is curled up with the iPad almost all day long as her ability to do anything active has all but vanished. She goes easily  from reading a Danielle Steele ebook to watching a Prince William and Kate lifetime movie."
"So, you're thinking of buying an iPad however, you're not so sure of what it can do and how it works. So, here is the ""Dummies Guide to the iPad"" to help you make that decision."
"So I'm in the kitchen, listening to my music library, and typing a review for the I-Pad 2. I have put a little more than 14 hours of research and 6 hours of non-stop use. I'm not gonna waste my time writing the specs for this device because if you are reading this I assume you already know the specifications, if not you can easily access the Apple website and do your own research. This review is aimed more towards the educated consumer. A consumer, who like me, has spent various hours of the night researching and contemplating his or her next moves."
"When choosing which capacity iPad to buy, you should be aware of the following:"
"The first iPad really defined the tablet market and while a trickle of competing tablets were released, none of them has matched the critical acclaim of the iPad 2. The consensus of CNET, Engadget and most other tech reviewers is that the Motorola Xoom is the closest competitor, but falls just short of iPad."
"The iPad 2 really is a nice toy, but not more than that. I own the 32 GB WiFi version.For getting things done even a Netbook is a better choice and cost's a third. The keyboard and the connectivity with the ""real"" digital environment is really missing. For reading books the Kindle is way better. It's the perfect device for casual surfing. Casual fit's the device the best. If you like to read rather get a Kindle. When it's about work a PC or Mac is the better choice. The iPad kind of fill's the gap, if you already own any of the above devices, then it's often more convenient to use the iPad. Just be sure that you are ready the pay the premium for something you don't really need."
At first this device was the best thing I had ever bought! Two weeks later I'm kind of disappointed.
"Apple markets this as the ultimate portable computer product, but it has serious shortcomings similar to the iPhone that I wasn't aware of as I don't own one.  If you have no interest in external files or photos, then this may not be important to you.  I waited a month for mine to be delivered, and after a week, I can say I'm keenly disappointed for specific reasons of Apple's own making."
"Not previously owning an iPad I did not know what to expect purchasing the iPad 2. After using it for weeks though, I can honestly say it is perfect and has no problems that I can comment on. After purchasing a wireless keyboard, I plan on completely replacing the computer with this tablet. Netflix and other amenities are great as well. I would get black though, I see the white becoming faded and not as clean looking after a while."
"The iPad alone I would give 4-5 stars to.  Since there is no way to separate the service you get with this device, and the device itself (and once you get this particular model of iPad, you are most likely to be using AT&T; (T-mobile is slower)), this device gets a really unfair rating from me.  Go look at the Verizon version."
"I never got the IPad 1. Actually at first I thought it was nothing special. I saw it as an ITouch but a whole lot bigger and no cameras. But when my sister showed me her IPad 2 (and 1). I was convinced this was a great product. So first chance I got, I got one."
"Apple online offers free engraving.  There is a saying ""nothing in life is free.  Guess what, free engraving means you CANNOT RETURN IT.  So, I wait a month for it to arrive.  It looks delicate and expensive and I am excited to use it.  I can't get it to work.  I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD Itunes to register it and get to work.  I get it to work and then the WIFI at my home and work and everywhere else is locked so I have to buy some service.  I buy the 250MB.  Yes, I know it is not a lot but I have a computer at home and at work; this was just for play.  One day later, I HAVE only 40 MB left.  I had to buy the 2GB service."
"I was given an iPad 2 for Mother's Day this year and it is truly one of the best gifts I've ever received! I have a large family, and every person here uses the iPad on a regular basis. It's been in use for the last 5+ months from morning until night and I am still delighted and amazed with it."
"Ok, my rating is a compromise, in terms of working exactly like its intended to it should be 4.5 stars or so, in terms of how it replaces things like a kindle, a smartphone or notebook, its maybe 1 star. I really wanted something that would allow me to ditch the laptop and use this on travel. Its not happening, functions are too poor, touch screen keyboard is not tactile enough to use for any real typing, Safari browser is cumbersome to use, can't read the screen in even normal daylight so doesn't replace my e reader at all. No real spreadsheet functions or presentation modes. Too clumsy to take noes on.  The only things it replaces laptop for are movies or videos and even then the battery life is pretty poor. As far as I can tell I really got sucked into buying one from the hype. On the other hand I use my smartphone (iPhone) constantly and it also replaced my mp3 for traveling. A case of a product making your life easier. I'm going to give the tablet to my daughter, I'm sure she will use it, but I havent really found a useful role for it"
"After playing around an iPad2 in the Apple store, I did a little research, made the leap and bought one."
"I thought about getting a tablet a hundred and seventy  eight times before finally buying one. I have a couple of laptops and a mac desktop so I wondered if I really need one. I know it isn't that expensive to own but then I also had 2 iPod Touches. So basically I was going to get the iPad 1 first but then they came out with the iPad 2, I waited several months and then like any man who hates indecision I decided to get a tablet. The choice was simple. I was used to the iPod Touch (4th generation) and thought this would possibly be similar. I was worried it would sit in one corner of my house. To clarify I never needed an iPad, what I did like however the most was the speaker on it. You see, i'm big on music and wanted something that can behave like a traveling jukebox. Besides watching a film when I'm on an airplane  won't be a bad idea either. I was sincerely considering getting the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 but then I knew this thing has been the best selling product of all time so I decided to get it anyway. I've had it for a little over a month now and in the following points i shall speak of the features, some unique and share my findings with you."
We are now the proud owners of two (2) iPad 2 tablets.  We have one white 64GB WiFi/AT&T; 3G and one black 16GB WiFi.
"I've postponed this review for a few months -- waiting to see how useful it would be after the newness wore off. So, the verdict is in:"
"If you're deciding whether or not to buy an iPad 1 or iPad 2, you may want to read this first.  I've had an iPad 1 for 9 months.  Before I bought it, I doubted how much I would use it.  It had no hard drive, USB connectors, DVD player, camera, full keypad, ability to load major business software apps, ability to play flash-developed graphics, and it did not have much storage and memory space.  I wondered how it could be useful to me, since I had many Apple products - Mac Pro, Macbook Pro, iPhone, Mobile Me, Airport, Time Capsule, etc."
"I've done a ton of research on tablets, and ultimately decided on the iPad 2. I like the customization of android, but in the end it came down to the stability and the vast amount of apps. Before considering buying an iPad I was wondering why people would not shut up about how many apps there are, well now I really do get it. While some of them aren't very useful for me, there are quite a few i would say that are very well designed and extremely useful and just plain entertaining."
"Got the product and had problems with it right away. I even took it into the Apple store and it couldn't be fixed. Had to return it to the company and I had to pay shipping and handling back. Also upon taking it in to the Apple store for assistance I paid more for this ""new"" product than I would have if I bit the bullet and bought one from Apple. Upon emailing the company directly I got VERY unprofessional responses and was not pleased with the customer service I received in the slightest. After buying one from Apple directly I have had no problems at all."
"The ipad2 I ordered from amazon came very quickly, a lot faster than they expected. It was a 32 gb. This was for my 68 year old sister-in-law who has not used a computer. After a few instructions, she was able to pick up and use it, using face time to talk to her son abroad, nephews and grand nephews across the state, skyping, emails etc. She wanted to store pictures in it so we bought a usb cable to attached an external portable hard drive, and lo and behold, it doesn't eve see it. Apparently, apple products are not expandable as I thought. (I used an android operating system from verizon). So she is stuck with pictures in her sd card. So I told her to just store the pictures in sd cards. SD cards are not that cheap though but I don't see an alternative. She does not have a laptop at all. This is my only gripe with the Ipad."
"Ok now Im not rich so I dont have a Xoom and a Touchpad and a Tab and everything else to compare it too, but I can give you my review of the iPad itself."
"I have had this thing switched out 6 times at the apple store because there is always dead pixels on every screen, I mean the black pixels that are annoying, I guess apple is now trying to use cheaper products to save them money and rip us off."
"An iPad-2 (64GB) purchased by me a year ago stopped working in May 2012 despite having been barely used. Apple, by necessity, replaced it at its Reston, VA store. That brand new replacement iPad failed again within just 4 months (Serial number DKVHG0MNDFJ0). The Apple store in Reston VA refused to fix or replace it, hiding behind a claimed ""3 month warranty for (new) replacements. (ref. its store manager, Ingrid H.), even though it was less than 5 months old."
"I'm a long time Android phone user, but I decided to give Apple a try when it came to a tablet."
"I bought the iPad 2 wifi 16g to take with me to Afghanistan. When I first recieved it, it was amazing. It was new, flashy, fast, the charge lasted forever and all my friends wanted to play with it. After about a week or two, the battery didn't seem to stay charged as long. It wasn't that big of a problem though, because I was never far from a plug. When I got to Afghanistan is when I lost all respect for the iPad 2. The lack of constant signal caused apps and updates to half download which left permanent gliches in the programs and the main screen as well, that I cannot get rid of. Problems, that none of my friends with other brand's tablets had. The battery life was almost cut in half and its a hassle to do anything with it now because of the poor state of apps and the whole iPad itself. I would recommend this if you will always have perfect signal and never be more than 10 feet away from a plug."
"I was surprised to see that my iPad2 was defect. However the box was nicely sealed and the item looked brand new. So I mailed in a complaint to the Amazon retail store that sold me the product. I got a fast response saying that I should contact Apple, because it's a factory defect. So I replied on the mail by saying, Why? I purchased from you, so you should handle this case with your supplier (which in this case is Apple). But that did not help much, I really needed to contact Apple online store to solve this problem. So I did! To make a long story short, 3 weeks later and I finally have a new iPad2. Not from the Amazon online store, but directly from Apple. My sugestion is. Don't buy this item from this Amazon store, since there is no benifit in buying from them!"
"First, when you guys say 500,000 application, do you really count the silly games as useful applications?"
