"I recently upgraded from the Motorola Photon 4G (which I loved and have passed on to my mother-in-law). The Photon Q is a great phone, feels solid, and the build quality is what you'd expect from Moto.  Gone is the blur (thank god) and now it is a more simple almost stock android interface.  The keyboard is solid and looks nice.  But the best part to me are the smart actions.  You can set up actions based on location.  When you walk into work it will automatically send txt to any one calling you, or if your battery is low it will change your setting so that you can make it a little longer.  All in all a great phone that spec wise is right up there with SIII and Htc evo 4g lte, the major difference is the screen resolution and size....."
"This phone is fantastic.  I really like having a top notch phone with a physical keyboard.  I really like the user interface and the smart actions are really cool.  The smart actions allow me to have different settings for the phone based on GPS location or time of day.  There are also other smart action functions like battery saver mode, etc."
"I was waiting and waiting and waiting for a qwerty phone that had flagship specs and not miniscule capability and finally one had arrived on sprint that has the same processor as the galaxy s3 and htc one x and htc evo 4g lte, plus it has a gorgeous screen in which the colors are really good.  It does have lte capabilities, yet I do not have lte in my area but unlimited data is useful because I do not need to manage my data usage.  If you are a heavy texter and want a phone that has NFC, bluetooth 4.0, a good display that is not HD, yet it has 256ppi on a 4.3inch screen...so for me this was a no-brainer to get as I desperately needed to move away from Verizon and their pricey plans to sprint, that is much more reasonable.  I will say the call quality is not the best but just turn it down, but sound from youtube comes out very well.  If you want unlimited everything, go with sprint and if you just gotta have a physical keyboard as an option, it is great because you can obviously still use the screen and it comes with android 4.0.4 and since motorola is owned by google, I know it will get jelly bean in the near future.  For $99 it is at a great price point, but not for $199 so wait for it to go down more or if you saw the $99 grab it and you will not regret it."
"I got this phone since I am a fan of the slide out keyboard. And if you are you have very few options available on Sprint. Here's a few things you should know: Sprint lists this as a 4G lte phone. You will not get 4G service unless you live in the few cities where sprint has a 4G network & New York is not one of them! I feel this was deceptive advertising. The 3G service from sprint is not that good either, it's very slow in many places, I think verizon probably has a better network. Also there is a known glitch with this phone that sprint has done nothing with yet, you can not get picture mail unless you are connected via wifi! This means that unless you are home and connected to your router or on wifi elsewhere you can not get picture mail at all until you get home on wifi. Sprint has no fix yet. Also driving is really difficult with this phone, it intermittently does weird things like won't connect correctly to my bluetooth or turns off the ringer when it feels like it. (Like 10% of the time). Also it's not intuitive, when you are trying to change a setting it can be very hard to find. Overall I like the phone but you should know about these issues. If it weren't for my need for a slide out keyboard I would buy something else."
"I purchased this phone for my son, so my review is a repeat of all that he has stated to me about it. The reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is an issue related to mobile hotspot; however, my son was not concerned with that problem and wanted to give it the 4 because of slow internet, which has now resolved on its own, and would be a Sprint problem anyway."
**Update** I exchanged my device (after a lot of rigmarole) and the replacement has been better in many areas:
"First, buy this phone through Amazon! I have been so happy with my transaction. I was due for an upgrade through Sprint, and I had planned on paying their discounted price of $200 for the Motorola Photon Q. I figured I'd look around before I went through with it, and I paid $39.99 to Amazon instead of $200! Even better, activation was simple and I've already received a couple emails from Sprint confirming that I will be able to keep my student discount! I was really worried I'd lose my discount, but I only had to re-verify it (which I would have had to do anyway if I purchased this phone through Sprint). Woot!"
"I recently purchased this phone from Sprint online for FREE with FREE setup.  This phone has so many great items and it's from a great manufacturer Motorola.  It's one of the few phones that you can change muliple settings, including the factory setting if your a techy and know how to do it.  They have great internet forums that help you with any questions too.  I recently saw today that Amazon has this phone for free now.  The Sprint plan has unlimited data and texting which I really love.  Unfortunately we don't have 4G LTE yet in my area, but will be getting it soon.  In a lot of reviews people were having issues with this phone, well Motorola has an update that fixes all those problems.  I would strongly recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a great powerful phone that has the ability to add extra memory easily.  The only downside that I have with this phone is that the camera doesn't take the BEST pictures out there, but it takes GOOD pictures for an 8 MP camera.  I have had no problems with this phone, it's very tough and water resistant.  I need a tough phone that can take a few drops and splashes of water.  Plus I like the keyboard for texting, but it does come at extra weight which some people don't like.  I have had good call quality at least in my area, Sprint is working hard at getting more 4G LTE towers up and I think this will really put this phone at the top once that occurs.  If your looking for the best phone for texting, and one of the toughest phones out there with the latest and most powerful processor for basically free get this phone."
"This phone is amazing! I have had it for 7 months, and have had 0 issues."
"I just went from a sweet phone to the latest sweet phone. I bought the Evo Shift when it came out and it has been a solid, reliable phone that I plan to hand down in the family. It was time for me to get the next latest and greatest. Every review I've read of the Photon Q was glowing and I can see why."
******Update: An update to the initial review:
I have always had Samsung phones and loved them.  This phone will not update and the battery life is about 1 hour on a new phone..I brought it back.  I live in a major city and it does not work.  It doesn't ring half the time and I miss calls.
"I bought this phone because I'm not a fan of touchscreen keyboards and it just happened to come out the day I went into the Sprint store. So I bought my first one in late August, the screen went out around October. I filed a claim with Asurion to have the phone replaced through my insurance which ended up costing $100.00. The replacement they sent me appeared brand new and still had the protective plastic on it. About a month later I noticed the phone would vibrate at random for no reason, roughly a month after that the vibration function died entirely. Now about 5 months after receiving my first replacement the screen has gone entirely black and it looks like I'll be replacing this one too.. The phone is still on and capable of taking screenshots which when copied from the phone to my computer actually show the screen as if it were working properly but after multiple restart attempts it's still just a black screen.. I love the phone but it's not worth the hassle, if you don't already have this thing don't get it unless you're willing to pay to replace it at least once."
"I absolutely love this phone. It is the best phone that I have ever owned and by far the quickest. Everything is super-fast!! Very user-friendly, also."
"I have been an HTC fan for 4 generations, but when HTC dropped the QWERTY KB I had to look elsewhere.  I really wanted Samsung, but figured I'd invest in the future with sprints 4GLTE and since Moto was the only show in town for 4G + QWERTY I went with this.  BIG MISTAKE.  This phone is way buggy, battery life is the worst I've seen in 10 years (almost like a prototype) and because you can't change the battery or the SIM (sealed back cover) this phone is useless.  WARNING - sprint doesn't tell you that if you have no 4G service in your area (likely) then it does NOT resort to Wi-Max 4 g, but instead back to 3g, which means this phone is slower than my HTC Shift running wimax, and hangs up all the time, random dies from power drain.  I was hoping motorola being a big brand esp with google buying it, that it would have some shelf life.  Mine will go into the dumpster as soon as another QWERTY 4G comes out OR I may just drop sprint all together because their service and reliablity have gone completely down hill.  NEVER buy motorola. Don't come to sprint if you don't have to."
"I purchased this phone on September 7th, the same day Motorola notified Sprint that there were issues with multi-media messages.  Sprint, of course, did not tell me when purchasing the phone.  Otherwise I would have chosen another.  It cannot receive or send picture mail, multiple text messages, etc unless I am home and connected to my wi-fi.  It will not even work on guest or public wi-fi's such as department stores, grocery stores,starbucks, etc.  The only other place it worked was in the Sprint Store!  I called both Motorola and Sprint and they do not have an update or fix that works.  Sprint technical support was supposed to call me back but never did, nor will they exchange the phone for another make and model when it is only 16 days old!  What is the sense in having a MOBILE phone when you can only use some features at home??  I am very disappointed in the phone and Sprint for not notifying me that there was an unfixable problem.  Otherwise, the other reviews cover all of its features both good and bad."
"If I could give this phone zero stars I would in a heart beat.  I have owned Sanyo, Samsung, and Blackberry phones- this is my first Motorola and this is the worst phone I have ever purchased.  The Photon stopped working properly after a short 6 months.  All my other phones have made it until my 1.5 year upgrade no problem.  The screen freezes, phone will power off on it's own, will stop ringing or making notification noises, it was doing this thing where if I had the text screen open and would shake it a little the letter ""N"" would be typed repeatedly.  Finally took it to sprint to figure out what was wrong... The sprint rep told me this phone has known issues with powering off and locking up, also can get condensation inside.  They opened my phone up and tell me it has water damage and they can't help me!  My phone is either on my nightstand, on my desk, or in my purse- No water in any of these places, but now I'm stuck with a crappy phone that works poorly at it's best moments.  I actually miss my Blackberry!  This phone has ruined my 13 year relationship with Sprint; they were so unhelpful even knowing this phone is a POS that I've decided to switch carriers when my time is up in June.  And I will never buy another Motorola phone."
"1.) Heat: The phone randomly will run very hot when no visible tasks are running and even after shutting down all non-essential apps.  Several times I got an popup mentioning it was entering ""Temperature cool down mode"".  It is hot enough that it will cause discomfort if holding in your hand for more than 5 minutes and will need to be shut off.  Causes a problem when you are using the phone."
I travel extensively on a daily basis from urban to rural areas. Even in urban areas the Motorola Photon has extremely poor reception. Also I have had a number of software issues. The last major update (128 mb) I had to take it back to the store to get the update done as it failed four times while I tried to do it.
"I wanted the keyboard and like the robustness of Motorolla products.  Of all of the smart phones I have had, this one is the most frustrating to type with.  Sometimes I have to hold down the shift key to get a capital letter opposed to quickly tapping the shift key.  When I try to delete, while backspacing the phone goes crazy!  It'll start making up words... for example, I'll try and delete three letters and it'll delete one letter and then start adding letters (it takes way longer than it should to delete a misspelling).  Typing this review has been painful with this phone.  I don't like how you can't get a time log to see how many minutes you were on a call."
"I liked the phone at first, but then one day it overheated and shut off for an hour. Every day after that, it would overheat 3 or 4 times a day. We returned it and got another one, and I've had it for about a month now. Its extremely slow, locks up constantly, and the little vibrating thing on the inside is broken. I'm seeing what I can do about getting another phone, I do not recommend this phone to anyone."
"battery life is not the best... as soon as you unplug it you loose like 5% immediately, and it's not just my phone. I have co-workers who had similar phones and same issues with the battery."
"Have had this phone for about two months now, after returning the first one within one week due to malfunction. Love the querty keyboard, but that's where the ""great"" part of this phone ends. The touchscreen is inconsistent and glitchy; sometimes a light tap will get you there, other times there's no response at all. Battery life is close to nil (expect to recharge 1-2 x day, depending on use), and since it's built into the phone there's no way to carry an extra to pop in. But probably the worst part of the phone is the incompetent customer service from the provider, Sprint. It took several DAYS to set up two of our phones, countless hours logged in on the phone with Sprint customer service, ""supervisors"" and even a trip back to the store (I refused to pay a restocking fee for a phone that didn't work). Boggles the mind how a smartphone like this can be so glitchy AND be backed up by such an abysmal service provideer. Shame on me for buying into the package. Won't happen again."
"This phone has a number of big issues. The major problem I'm having right now is it won't wake up from sleep when you try to use it right away, randomly it will wait sometimes about a minute before turning on again. I tried the reset thing and the software is updated properly. The bluetooth connectivity worked perfectly for like the first week, now it will no longer let me access my phone book through bluetooth even though it is paired correctly.  Also it seemed to erase the SD card. Also now sometimes when I try to hang up the phone it freezes, leaving the caller on the line and I have to apologize to them telling them I can't shut of the phone! It's very buggy!"
"First of all, Amazon should not be getting into the phone business if they're sending out refurbished phones to customers of Sprint and other carriers. And apparently their return policy is they put a hold on your credit card of the retail price of the phone (in this case $549) until they get it back to you."
LED quit working after three months. I didn't leave it in the car in the cold or drop it in the toilet. Nothing happened the touch and led just stopped.
Motorola Photon Q4GLTE. This phone locks up.You turn it OFF at night too charge it. It does not tun back on. I had to drive to the Sprint store 20 miles away they charge me $50 for the SPRINT Repair fee.The guy in the repair shop told me all you have to do is hold the power button and the volume down button both down for 20 seconds.....
"I reacently upgraded from an HTC evo and I have to say this is probably the worst phone I have ever owned. I travel outside of the US and need an international phone I was told this phone would work no problem. You cannot exchange SIM card as this phone is hard mounted, not removeable, as is the battery. I activated the international SIM capabilities with my SPRINT service when i arrived in Africa they told me my phone calls were going to be $2.49 a minute and DATA would be more, so no internet usage."
"This phone fails on so many levels. 1) picture messaging and text messaging are the most basic of features on a smart phone. I get texts hrs late, wont send and receive picture messages most of the time.....sucks. 2) The interface between touch and keyboard are not consistent ....a lot of flipping and sliding to do the basics. 3) No 4g, the 3g sucks and is slow. This is the worst smartphone I have ever owned and sprint is making me bite the bullet on this one."
Purchase was for my teenage son. He has the third line on my cell phone account. That line was due an upgrade. He has been wanting the Photon Q since it came out. This purchase took care of the upgrade as well as was a graduation present for my son!
