"I don't understand the other reviews, really? Are you people serious?!"
"Edit: 2012-11-30 this is better than I expected. Great quality with long distance shots. I'm still working on moving subjects in low light conditions. I do not like the ""low light"" mode, as the ISO seems to be set real high and the result is grainy. I'm using either manual or program modes. Still the best non-SLR that I've had."
I am so frustrated to see the other reviews about this camera.
I read all the negative reviews before buying and wasn't swayed.  I couldn't be happier with this purchase.  I'm no professional photographer but this is my 6th digital camera so I'm pretty experienced at point and shoot.  I love my canon a3300 but it only has 5x optical zoom.  I've now decided to enhance my bird watching with bird photography and the 5x zoom just didn't get it.
"This is a very nice camera if you are looking for a long range point and shoot camera with an excellent quick zoom and primarily will be shooting in daylight. I was looking for something smaller to carry around besides my big DSLR Camera and lenses. So I gave this camera a try and I was surprised at how small it was when I received it. The camera seemed well built and the focusing was very quick!!!! The stabilization worked very well at long distances. My only downfall with this camera was the Iso Noise in pictures in low light. It was very evident when you get around iso 600. Even at iso 400 you could see noise. I expected better low light results from Canon since I'm a Canon fan and I shoot with Canon products. I've had other point and shoot cameras that performed better in low light situations. In contrast, pictures in full daylight with no flash needed were very good!"
This is a great camera for under $300.  It has most of the functions more expensive cameras have but is a lot more affordable.  It takes breathtaking photos and great videos too.  Great zoom and all my pictures come out clear and perfect.  Highly recommended 100%
"After reading the poor reviews of this camera, I just have to say they don't know what they are talking about.  This is a fantastic camera for the price and I had no problems taking great photos on a recent vacation in auto mode.  The optical zoom was amazing, and the photos crisp and clear."
I love this camera!  I've had several Canon Powershot sx cameras over the years and loved them dearly.  I was looking for a smaller camera with a good sized zoom and found it with the sx500.  This has just about all the features my other Canons have but smaller and lighter.  I found it very easy to use and would highly recommend it!
"I am not a camera guy, I just want to take hassel free , nice clear pictures on vacations and the odd special occasion. This camera excels at that. The small size of he camera makes it easy to take it anywhere. The auto function allows me to just point shoot and get results that I want in almost any environment. The zoom lens lets me take shots that I never thought possible. If you want easy to use camera that will do the technical work for you and produces pro like results  this is the ticket."
"I'm not even enough of a photographer to be called an amateur. But we take a lot of pics at outings and on vacation. I've used inexpensive Canon point and click cameras for some time, and considered the PowerShot a serious upgrade. Wow - the wide angle and extreme zoom are great, and I've had a hard time taking bad pictures. It's very easy to use. I highly recommend this for weekend warriors who want to take descent photos, and I'd be interested to see what this baby could do in the hands of someone who relly knew photography. But I'd also recommend not trying to recycle your old 1GB chip - get something bigger :)"
Being an artist I needed a camera that would take pictures of both landscapes and closeup pictures of flowers and animals.  The zoom was very important to us.  We did not want to spend the money for an SRL camera and the reviews and specs on this camera appeared to be what we were looking for.  So far this camera has been great.  We have been very happy with the quality of the photos and the ease of use.  The price on Amazon was a bit better than anywhere else we found.  We are glad we took the time to shop around.
"I have several grand invested in 35 mm film Canon equipment and it has always served me well. Changing formats is always a spendy experience, but my change to a serious digital camera has been much less so than expected. And the camera is so tiny! Virtually an entire bag of tricks in one self-contained, easy to use LITTLE camera. Great controls. Quick response. Light weight. No lens changing required! Great metering logic produces just about what I was after when I pre-visualized, even in AUTO. Easy change to MANUAL for the ""off the wall"" stuff. Most important, though, is the excellent picture quality."
I think the Canon PowerShot SX500 is overall a very nice camera.  The shots are clear and the camera is easy to use.
"The Powershot SX500 is a tool that I needed. It was either hire a photographer again or in invest in the Canon. We made the right choice, out of the box we took 50 pictures of this Balinese silver jewelry we sell. The next day all the pieces were up on the website, not one single problem. Clear as clear, took some in lowlight for ambience WOW, and the best part is I don't know a thing about taking pix. Everything for me was automatic and the results have blown me away. Next week I will be sorting out the video side which is my bag... Canon has taken a PRO camera, and aimed it at the consumer market... PROSUMER is what I have seen it referred too......five stars all the way"
"I am still waiting for the arrival of the lens adapter and filters, as well as the package set which also includes the LCD protectors, so I am being very careful with my fantastic new camera. Add to this that i am a nature photographer, primarily, and everything is quite dead and i will have to add to review as I take more photos. I will say that the camera works great with no glitches. It arrived exactly on the due date with everything intact and working well. The pictures I have taken have been perfect. I am someone who is considered a professional, and have a degree in photography and everyone expects someone like me to have a DSL-R; but because of a very serious auto accident I can not longer carry around a heavy bag full of lenses and extra equipment, so imagine my joy over finding cameras like this. After all, a true photographer knows framing and lighting and can take a good photo with any piece of equipment."
"I was looking for a simple to use camera that could zoom up close and help with my shakiness.  I haven't had any trouble at all following the instructions except for forgetting to lift up the flash bulb when needed :-( although there is a prompt!! Photos once downloaded are awesome! I've been very happy with this purchase and would recommend it again.  BTW this camera comes with a rechargeable lithium battery which I think is  a ""must have"" instead of AAA batteries.  I've only had to recharge it once since I purchased it after over 300 photos!!"
"My husband recently purchased this camera for use on our farm.  We like to take pictures of the wildlife that hang around our ponds.  This camera is absolutely perfect for our use.  Very easy to use and the zoom is unbelievable.  The only draw back that I can see so far is that it is a rechargeable battery, which I intend to remedy by ordering a spare battery.  Great camera for the price.  Couldn't be happier with it."
"I bought this camera for my intro to photography class and it was worth the money!! I love the 30X zoom and the pictures are so clear. This is a great alternative to the $1000 DSLR camera's that were no where in my budget. Even though I'm a beginner, I take pictures with this camera like a pro :). So far, so good!"
"I am not sure what the mixed reviews are but this is a great fully functional camera. I am not a photographer, but I do love to take pictures. I started out with my iPhone and a Sony point and shoot. I realised I love taking pictures. So I did a lot of research this camera stood out. There is mixed reviews, but I continued to look at best buy, Walmart and amazon. The majority was anywhere from 4-5 stars all across the board. I even watched YouTube. So I decided for the price and just starting out I would give it a shot. Amazon sent it out and I began to use it. I have to say I love it, pictures are clear, movies are amazing.  I began to take pictures at the lake, nature and my dog. Came out great. I know most are saying that the camera is not good for action shots and Lowe light, if you play around with the settings it's much better. It's not a fast camera but again you can play around with that setting as well. What I found to help me is that I ordered books like canon power shot digital photography and digital photography for beginners. They have helped with the understanding of this camera.  This camera is small and compact, and it does a little of everything . It's great for me for just starting out and not mention I have has three back surgeries and unable to lug all that equipment around."
"For months, I been camera shopping and then I found the Canon SX500. It is a great advanced point and shoot camera. I was surprised to read some of the reviews how people were comparing it to an SLR camera. You cannot compare an SX500 to an SLR. There is no comparison! If you're on a budget or cannot afford an SLR camera, then this is a great camera. I highly recommend it!"
"Light weight, pretty easy to use, still learning all the detail stuff. Very reasonable price. Way better than the Kodak Easy Share that I had. This takes beautiful pics. Down load easily onto computer."
"Bought this one over the weekend. So far so good.  Not a pro, but wanted something a little better than a compact point and shoot.  The body is lightweight, yet surprisingly sturdy. To get used to it, I took pics of the dog in different lighting w/ and w/o flash.  They came out pretty clear. Took some outdoor photos using zoom and regular focus. Not bad at all.  Zoom came in nice and clear.  Anyone who has this camera and could advise me on the best functions to use for taking photos of moving objects (i.e. Christmas displays, etc.), outdoor scenery, etc.) I would appreciate it! Thanks!"
"This is a five star camera if you take the time to learn how to use it properly. If you just leave it on ""auto,"" it will still take high quality still, distance, and daylight photos."
"This is my 4th PowerShot camera, and for the money, it's well worth it.  I couldn't justify getting a DSR camera, but I still wanted a better zoom than my 4x on my old PowerShot.  I was not disappointed.  Although my A620 still takes good pictures, it was hit-and-miss when taking photos using the zoom.  I would say that 50% of the time the camera would have trouble focusing using the zoom.  Not so with this camera.  I tested the zoom feature on the SX500 and didn't have any trouble focusing using the zoom.  I also had trouble focusing up close (about 3 ft) without using the zoom on my A620.  Again, I had no problem with the SX500.  Inside and outside photos look great.  Although this camera uses a rechargeable batter pack, battery life seems good.  The display is a good size, and the controls are easier to use and non-intrusive.  There are a couple of minor negatives, however.  The flash is a little difficult to flip up.  I also wish there was a view finder.  Otherwise, I am very pleased so far."
"Pretty easy to figure out, even for the un-tech type. Picture clarity and brightness surprisingly good. I would recommend it."
"I love this camera! I recently returned an Olympus DSLR camera because it was difficult to operate and the printed images were not that good. After some research I realized that what I really wanted was a point and shoot camera that was on the small side and easy to operate. Voila, this is it! I use the Auto setting right now but will try the manual settings too, although the Auto does exactly what I want it to. The camera is small but easy to handle and lightweight. Taking videos is also easy and the results are nice. The videos are clear with very natural coloring which is what I like my videos to look like. Images are also very natural looking."
This camera is great compared to my larger Canon. It took a while to get used to the automatic focus but I wish the flash was automatic as well. I always forget to put it up and the pictures sometimes come out grainy. I do love the fact that it has a video camera on it though and works great to just always have with you for that moment when you need it but don't want to carry around all the lenses and cases. Also the zoom and focus on this camera is great. I can see about an acre away in clear picture
"EDITed after Hawaii trip. Canon always takes good pictures, and this one is no exception. (EDIT: Really good pictures) My complaint is the lack of a viewfinder, but the trade off for 30x zoom is good, and the screen is large and bright. We'll see on our Hawaii trip next month. (EDIT: OK, not great in the sun. The lack of a viewfinder is a rather large drawback) Battery life is a bit lacking, but may improve with usage. (EDIT: Seems okay now) Just got the camera. (Bought an extra battery.) Low light is okay, room light takes descent pics without flash as long as no one moves. IS helps on zoomed shots, but care is still needed, since your are holding the camera away from your face. (no viewfinder)"
"Fantastic camera, does really good at close ups and well, all the pictures I have taken. I am so glad I got this as a gift to myself!!"
I love the zoom. it's perfect size and works well. Photos are clean and clear. I feel like a professional photograher>
"The camera seems solid and takes good pictures when you can figure out how to use it. Like most cameras the AUTO setting does not do the best job, especially indoors. It has plenty of setting to compensate and set up what you need except the instructions for this are only PDF. Hard to take out in the field with you. Like most company provided software it sucks. It wants to take over everything. It will not allow me to set my save to folder on my server drive, not sure why. When the cable is hooked up and you browse to the memory card you can only get MS Office Picture Manager to open one photo and not browse the entire folder. That is to say you have to open each one separately and then any that have been opened will show in  the program. If you want have control over how your photos are handled don't go this route. All of this would not be an issue if the memory card was accessible from outside the battery compartment. If you use a tripod and have the mount on the camera bottom it blocks access to the battery door. You have to remove the mount, open the door, remove the card, transfer your photos, reinsert the card close the door and  screw the mount back on if you want to transfer your photos in a manner that works with windows the way you are used to. This is very inconvenient. Maybe just me I need control of how my photos are handled."
"The camera met our expectations. It is easy to use. I like the zoom feature,making it easy to take pictures of the wildlife in our yard"
"Great camera! Great price. Many, many features. Easy to use. Would be great for anyone who loves taking pictures in multiple settings. Lots of extras, not really for a beginner. Would be a great in between camera to the professional ones."
"Don't understand why some  people said this camera feels ""cheap.""  Feels like a camera to me.  And, it performs like a camera should.  Wore out its counterpart from eleven years ago, and am impressed with the features they pack into this  one at a reasonable price.  Don't really like not having a written manual, but that is the way it is these days.  I do a lot of point-and-shoot for vacation pictures, and often use some of the basic additions.  Would recommend this to everyone except the hard-line purist and the raw data wannabees."
"We are grateful to Amazon for the ability to return this camera. The focusing screen was never ""in focus;"" the quality of the images was very poor, even using the fine quality jpeg option. Tremendous amount of noise at all ISO numbers, shutter lag made it impossible to take multiple photos. We are semi-pro photographers, and needed the camera for quick snapshots. We are Canon camera enthusiasts, but not for this model. Perhaps ours was defective? Regardless of the reason, this camera has changed our minds about using Canon as a manufacturer for inexpensive cameras."
The camera is small (compact). I would not suggest the use of this camera if aempting to take sports/action pictures. The camera is unable to capture anything thats fast in motion. BUT the quality of photos turn out pretty nice. A great beginner camera.
"excellent camera, very pleased with this product, easy to use, have had a lot of fun taking photos.  This is the fourth Canon camera I have, the others have been the elph series, this is light weight and has some very cool effects built in.  Would recommend this camera for the above average photographer"
"This camera is small and very light, takes good pictures but is a little slow in recycle mode. Focusing doesn't always work very fast. This camera is great for the price so can't expect wonders for the low price. I wouldn't recommend this camera for a person that is really into cameras"
"I love this superzoom camera. It has a 30x optical zoom but has a feature called ""Smart Zoom""(which is not traditional digital zoom which it also has) that lets you get to 60x zoom and retain sharp details.  This is the first camera that I have tried where the ""Smart Zoom"" does what it claims.  Really an excellent feature."
"Generally speaking, it's a great camera. However, it is horrible in low light situations. I haven't used the flash since I mostly shoot outside though. Sometimes it doesn't always focus properly right away in automatic/intelligent auto mode. The burst mode is not very fast... not many frames per second. Everything else is pretty good though."
