"I just got the phone yesterday and it is working great. It is super fast and easy to figure out, easy to work, easy to manage. It is a bit on the large side ( as it fits from fingertip to the heel of my palm) and so is the slider keyboard but that might be because I have smallish hands :/ otherwise the keyboard is also good. The keys are close together and not to flat or bulky. (it is a little difficult to slide open but easy to slide shut) The screen does like to change views at random when I set it down but you can fix that by picking it up and taping the side. I am disappointed that my ringtones can't be used for when a text is sent to me but I can live without that unnecessary luxury. Graphics are really good and the camera isn't half bad either. Skype works well on it and my calls have been clear. Battery life is really good too as long as you lay off the heavy stuff like movies and games. Apps work smoothly. I really can't find a thing wrong with this phone so far."
"Before starting the review, I would like to say that the Strato II has only been out a few months. - starting on the holidays (thanksgiving, Christmas)2012. Starting with a 4G simm card and the new ""ice cream sandwich"" android ver 4 op sys. I understand the first version was not to great.."
"LOVE this phone. Always had a basic cell, so this took some studying, well worth it. Very easy to undestand and use. Photos, video are fantastic!!"
"I've had the Stratosphere II for a number of days and have spent quite a bit of time getting to know my new phone. Overall I think this is a good phone with many good features, with some that are even excellent. In my opinion it is its overall solid performance in many features that makes this a very good phone to use."
"This phone has a keyboard and operates on Android's Jellybean software thing, so it's really fast and when you type stuff it actually comes out as you intended it.  I don't know what else there is to look for in a phone these days.  I had the first Stratosphere and it was SLOWWWWW.  This one is a massive upgrade over the older model.  The battery life is also outstanding (by smartphone standards)."
"This won't matter to most of you. But this phone has a major security flaw..as most other devices have, also. In the ongoing NOTIFICATION selection, it contually displays a WI FI OFF notice. If you touvh that NOTICE in an attempt to delete it, it turns ON your WI FI. And if you have crooks or malicios hackers in your vicinity as I had, they will ""clone"" your phone and do anything they want with your phone. Look up ""phone cloning"" on ""Google""."
Had the first version.worst phone ever. this phone is good.only thing so far is the space bar on the keypad. I notice after typing a sentence that most words have no space.
to anyone! so much cheeper in stores. i got one for $50.00 no need to waste youre money. i got mine at enumclaw mall.
"I had a gravity T phone and loved it, I liked the slide out keyboard so I bought this one. Huge mistake. This phone fails on every imaginable level, its extremely complicated to configure the simplest of settings. Its as if for every feature of the phone they sat down and said ""OK what is the most difficult, non intuitive, and time consuming method can we use for this?"" I found myself talking on the phone, and unable to hang up. Honestly I had to go through 7 menus to END THE PHONE CALL. I have now spent 2 hours trying to figure out how to stop it from making sounds and vibrating and flashing a nonstop light every single time someone likes something on my facebook. I find the best way to figure out how to change the setting is to think ""what is the exact opposite of what I'm trying to do?"". For example, I wanted the phone to stop vibrating seemingly at random. I spent 15 minutes going through the settings but thought to myself ""What is the opposite of vibration"". Ahh sound, its in the sound settings of course.  One of those radio shack bag phones from the 1980s would be preferable to this one."
"We just bought these phones yesterday and cannot find skins (decal type,  not the hard or rubber cases) for them.  I can find skins for the I-405 model but not the I-415 model.  Anyone out there know where I can find them?  Thanks!"
The sweet sliding screen broke twice in the same way...all in 6 months. Battery life is short must be charged minimum every night. Randomly shuts off an glitches. Majorly regretting the cash i dumped into this phone.
