"Don't make the same mistake I did -- the 4 GB version may seem like a good deal if you don't think you'll need a lot of space, but what they don't tell you is that some features REQUIRE an actual hard drive.  You might think that a gig is a gig and it shouldn't make any difference whether it's on a disk or flash memory, but to the Xbox, they are not equivalent."
The xbox 360 slim with 4 GB is what the original arcade version should have been.
"The best Xbox so far. The matte finish, price, 4GB internal is plenty for game saves and some add-ons. If you want more memory, just add 1-2 16GB USB flash sticks. I use USB drives for game saves and full game installs. This way I never have to worry about IF the system breaks on me. I'll always have my personal saves on the flash sticks. I never trust hard drives as they are more prone to fail over a flash stick. Thats why I didn't keep the 250GB version. Plus I don't do demos so I don't need that kind of space. Matte finish does not collect dust and hair like the gloss version does which drove me crazy as I did own the 250GB version for a short time until this version came out. VERY HAPPY with the arcade."
"I am one of those guys who had an Xbox 360 when it first came out.  I like everyone else sufffered from the Red Ring of Death and had to send my unit back in for repair.  That was probaly a year and half to two years ago that it was repaired from the RROD.  About 1 year ago, I started having problems where the disc player would not read the game correctly and I had to keep on opening the disc player and closing it over and over until it read the disc.  Finally, the video card of the Xbox 360 seemed to just die out, i could no longer get a signal on any television, I even bought a new AV cable with no success.  Alas, I called microsoft and they wanted $100 to repair it.  I decided to say screw that, so I bought a new xbox 360 with HDMI support.  I hooked it up to my reciever and I started having some problems with the screen.  I was now fed up with microsoft.  I returned the 360 and decided to go PS3 all the way."
"This XBOX 360 is perfect for me. But a lot of people are complaining because the Halo nerds can't play certain levels on Halo Reach because of there isn't enough room on the Hard Drive... take a deep breath, count to ten, and listen to me."
"First off, let's hope these new designs don't suffer any of the same (or new!) problems -- RRoD anyone?"
"Having recently bought this box, I thought I'd share some of my thoughts if you are trying to figure out which one to get:"
"Let me just start off by saying I'm in love with the matte black that's on these 4gb arcades. I didn't want to get the 250gb glossy Xbox 360 slim because I've had annoying experiences with my PS3 and how fingerprints and dust really are drawn to the glossy surface. This, though, is perfect, especially if you're anal about things like that just like me."
"I never write reviews where I utterly despise the product but there is a first for everything I guess. I will try to be as fair as I can be though in my review of the xbox 360 slim. And I will make comparisons with my 3 year old chubby ps3- which still runs beautifully. And please know that I am not a fanboy in the slightest. I really, really wanted to love my new 360, but I just couldn't once I kept hitting technical snags along the way."
"Let me start off by saying that I love the new Xbox 360 slim. Its design is great and it has several new features. But I'm writing this to say that after about a year and two months of owning this console, (with occasional play) one day it suddenly stopped working. I can't play a single game because it will read it as a DVD. I tried about 30 games including a couple brand new ones. They are all read as DVDs. This was really upsetting because it is a great console but it stopped working for me. I researched a lot of different ways of trying to fix this problem but none of them worked. I am planning on calling Xbox soon and see if they can help me."
"Worked fine until I ran software update, then unit became a brick"
"Apparently Microsoft wants the buyers of the 4GB console to spend more money, because it will not play original Xbox games unless you also buy an overpriced Microsoft Hard Drive."
"We had a blast playing on our new Xbox 360 for about a day.. and then it stopped recognizing disks. After running through all the suggestions on the Microsoft website and reading through the forum, we discovered that this fairly common problem with the disk drive required a major repair. Calling Microsoft was useless as all they could suggest was sending it in for a free repair (really? a repair on a brand new product that should be in peak working condition? yeah.. no) or an exchange for a REFURBISHED model in a few weeks (cuz you know, that's exactly what we wanted after paying full price for a brand new console)."
"Save your money, these consoles are ticking time bombs."
"Bought brand new, stopped working after 2 months, does not power on. could be power supply, could be unit. no clue. and I hardly use the darn thing. the environment is cool, free from dust and plugged into surge protector. googled the problem saw dozens of people with same and similar problems and microsoft acts like it's not their problem."
The Xbox 360 Slim 4gb Console is great as any Microsoft Fan would think.
The only thing that was screwed up was that there is no headset even though there's one in one of the photos
"Old xbox my 3yr old broke, so got this, was all kinds of pissed off that the old style hard drives don't work in this.  But not to worry, you can take your old hard drive apart and just plug the ACTUAL hard drive part into the back.  Works great"
"First of all, I love this console. This truly is a steal at $200 and even more so with Amazon's occasional gift certificate deals. The black finish looks elegant and I've had no overheating issues what-so-ever like my last 360."
I bought this console back in November 2010 right when Call of Duty Black Ops was released.  The Gamestop I bought it at had no more 250 GB xboxs and i didnt want to travel to another store to get one so I ate the extra 30 dollars and bought a 250 GB hard drive for it as well.  It is now the end of January almost 3 months later and the console has stoped reading any disc I put in.  I have tried everything I can think of to fix it and did a numerous amount of research to see what others did with this problem and I know now that it will have to send it in to microsoft. I switched over from ps3 and I would like to say that I want to go back to ps3 but I wont because all of my friends have an xbox. So I guess Im stuck.  I am seeing this disc reading error more and more in reviews of the new slim model so beware!
"I just bought the 250gb xbox and glad I did! I had the old version with 12gb and never used any space. I was torn between the 4gb and spending the 100 bucks for the 250gb. So I went with the 250 and good thing, I loaded one game and it took up 5.8gb. then loaded netflix and it took up some space. So I plan on loading all my games on the HDD. If you are just gonna use it to save games 4gb should be way more then enough. If your gonna be online or xbox live get the 250. Hope this was helpful. Oh ps if your gonna do the net flix spend the 14 bucks and get the remote!"
"Let me begin by saying it was great while it worked. They have the best online play out there. However, my xbox worked like it was supposed to for a year and 3 months. Then the open tray error began..I'm conveniently right past my 1 year manufacturer warranty and Microsoft insists that I pay $100 to send it in and have it fixed. I just bought this!"
"I bought a XBOX 360 S last december, after a very disappointed experience with PS3, wich refused to read discs after a while. Xbox 360 4gb is perfect for me.  I am a casual gamer, only 4 games.  GTA4, Battlestation Pacific, Ace Combat and Red Dead Redemption.  I play all of then and I still have 3.1 gb left.  Plenty of room.  And the price very good."
"the 4gig slim is not the same as the 250gig. lets get that out in the open. they boast the same features but the parts used are of different quality to construct the console. brand new out of the box ive gotten disk read errors, hard drive malfunctions telling my my downloaded games would not read. the hard drive is the legit microsoft 250g for the slim might i add. the controllers still have problems in the headphone jack. not to mention the top and bottom of the console casing is flat black plastic and not the glossy plastic. this is a thrift console and an unreliable one at that too. if you have the money get the 250gig setup. you get better parts in the console with the bigger hard drive."
"I got this to replace my previous xbox that just a month out of warranty got the usual red ring error.  While I am going to repair it with the X Clamp mod, I ordred the 4GB slim model from Amazon."
"I'm not a first time X Box 360 owner. I bought one of the first generation 360's back in early 2006 and it was an obnoxiously loud, hot and cumbersome console. I used it for about 2 months before i sold it to a friend at half the value i paid for it. (About a month later he had to send it back to Microsoft for the RROD)"
"If you want to save money to buy a xbox 360, this is the system to get. 4GB isn't much but if you don't plan on downloading games, 4GB is more than enough!"
I needed a new 360 after my old one finally died on me after a few years. I have to say thought i'm glad I got a new one just for the fact of the built in wifi makes getting on xbox live much easier.
Good system they finally put in wi-fi there is some decent Xbox only titles like gears of war and halo but I'm more of a ps3 guy. good system if they upgrade to blue ray disc like Sony the Xbox would be top notch and get rid of there multidisc games
Have to give this product a one-star rating due to the fact that it lasted only a little over a month.  One day my teenager tried to play a game and it would not recognize a brand-new disc.  Hubby found out through a fellow xbox player coworker that it was a manufactory problem and not something the teenager did.
Had a bit of issue getting Xbox's disk drive to open but other than that it works great. I have no other problems with the console.
"best price for the most basic level xbox - lighter weight, touch buttons, 5 USB inputs for media and charging (2 on front / 3 on rear panel) awesome awesome awesome"
Arrived on-time and in factory-sealed condition.
I am a little dissapointed with the product because we lost our free time on X -Box Live.after the account was set up we could not access it again
Um... it's an Xbox 360. It plays DVDs and video games. It does so adequately. We got this non-package version because our old console bit the dust and this was the cheapest way to replace it. We prefer Xbox 360 versions of games to Wii versions (like Tiger Woods). The end.
I was extremely happy with the Xbox I received!!!! Love the new console. The platform runs much more smoothly than the previous console. :)
"My family wanted this gaming system because of the unique option to connect with our family in another state. The many features are  amazing. While we are still learning to maximize the console, I am a convert."
"This is a great game console, it met my expectations in everything. It is very fast and doesnt need to load in anything."
"You will not be disappointed with the newest design of the Xbox 360.  It runs smooth, quiet, and really makes for a fun gaming experience."
"Was a good deal, it arrived quickly. I would recommend it to my friends."
