"I understand that there's some back and forth over whether or not this unit is compatible with Windows Backup (due to sector sizes and blah, blah, blah).  I don't use Windows Backup and have no intention to do so (I like to keep track of my files myself), therefore, I can't comment on the compatibility issue one way or the other.  Other reviewers have also commented on the the Seagate Dashboard...I haven't used it either.  So, you might be wondering why I'm bothering with this review."
I bought the 3 TB drive to back up my Dell XPS 15 750MB hard drive as well as to store my ever increasing inventory of video files. It seamed like a great price for $149
"I have been happy with my 3TB GoFlex drive for keeping my active iTunes Library and other multimedia files.  I was backing it up onto a 2TB GoFlex to store off-site where it would be safe, until 2TB was too small to hold everything.  For a while I split the backup across a pair of 2TB drives, but wanted to give one of the 2TB to my daughter for college.  I have a multitude of portable Seagate GoFlex drives as well, and none have failed me yet.  So I bought the new 3TB Backup Plus so I could simply clone the 3TB iTunes drive in one step."
"I have both Mac and PC in my home so it's important for me that the ex HD works for both. I've tried other models and they don't work as smoothly as this Seagate. I formatted this Seagate to exFAT32 and it has been working flawlessly on both my Mac and PC. FYI, Mac products default format is ""Mac Journaled"" or ""HFS"". If you format your HD to this, then your HD wont work on your PC. Conversely, PC products default format is NTFS. If you format your HD to this, then your HD wont work on your Mac. The only format that both Mac and PC use is exFAT or FAT. Therefore, if you want to use your HD interchangeably with both Mac and PC then you must format to FAT"
"Simply stated, do not purchase this if you would like to backup with Windows Backup & Restore. Why? (Warning: Nerd speak ahead, skip the following paragraph to proceed to rant)"
"Let me begin by saying this is not meant to be a portable drive. It needs to be plugged in to a USB port on a computer *and* into a standard power outlet to work. So just make sure you know what you are getting: a hard drive that sits on (or in my case, in a cabinet under) your desk."
"The 'Plus' to this drive is the Seagate Backup dashboard that gives you clear options for storage and a way to automatically back up your data on a schedule.  Yes, Windows already has a back-up feature, but not a speedy 3.0 USB way to do it!"
"The drive is nice and it has all the standard stuff. However, I bought the ""Seagate Backup Plus 3 TB USB 3.0 Desktop"", which is the Windows version (because the Mac version is named differently) and I discovered that it is not compatible with the standard Windows Backup. The product comes with a nice backup software, and you can find several other good backup utilities out there, but nothing beats the utility integrated in the Operating System. I wanted to use Windows Backup! Unfortunately, this is not possible. I discovered that Western Digital hard drives have a similar issue, but WD provides a fix [...]. Apparently, this does not work with Seagate drives: this is the transcript of my chat session with their support:"
"I am attaching a collage of 2 photos (under customer photos), where you can see the relative size of the drive.  I put a pen into a picture for relative size reference."
"The backup solution for my first home PC was a 250 MB Zip drive that cost about the same as this 2 TB hard drive (and had a real good chance of failing without warning at any time, and taking that data with it)."
"This is a nice hard drive, it a small external drive that operates quietly and does not take up much room on my desk.  The drive has a nice black glossy finish that looks good and can stand straight up or on its side with no problem.  I got the drive and plugged in the power and USB to my USB hub (powered), the computer recognized it automatically and I could see it mounted on the desktop.  I use a MacBook Pro (Intel Core i7, Early 2011, Mac OS X Lion 10.7.4), and the drive is formatted in NTFS, so at this point the Mac cannot write to it (only read) - If you are using Windows you will have no problem.  So, I installed the software (DMG package), and every time I would try, it would say that the Installation Failed, after trying several times and always failing, I was about to give up.  However, I looked in the Application folder and there was the .APP for the Seagate Dashboard, and in System Preference the NTFS for Mac was there, with this installed the Mac was now able to read and write the NTFS drive, however, if you leave it in NTFS you will not be able to use Time Machine.  I played with the software and did not see much to it (that was not already available on the computer, I do not use Facebook so I had no use for the Social Network backup), so I uninstalled the software, and removed the NTFS for Mac (Uninstall option in System preference, and then Command click the icon to remove it from System preference, FYI).  I then viewed the videos that were included on the external drive (which was a nice addition for learning the new features).  I then decided that I would rather format the drive for Mac, so I opened up Disk Utility and formatted the drive to Mac OS Extended, Journaled (to do this go to Launchpad or Application folder find Disk Utility, click on 2 TB Seagate Backup+ and choose Erase, then choose the Format and name it -- NOTE: this will erase everything on the disk and cannot be undone, so backup if you need to reformat).  I now have a Mac formatted disk that works perfectly and can be partitioned (or whole disk) to work with Time Machine)."
"For those of you considering this drive for the same reason I did, I'll tell you what's inside.  It is a Seagate ST4000DM000, the latest generation 4TB HDD.  It is a 64MB Cache, 5900RPM, SATA 6.0Gb/s drive.  I installed it in my HTPC as the primary drive and it is functioning perfectly.  Do not let the 5900RPM fool you, as the drive does not appear in any way to lag.  It has performed solidly while using some fairly HDD intensive video editing programs.  Make sure to load your OS install CD/DVD in UEFI mode or the installer will only see 2TB available."
Chuckle. The First Law of Hard Drives is: It isn't big enough.
"I just bought my third one of these. Installed a USB3 Port to handle them. Nice, fast. Don't care for OEM backup software, because it's usually neutered to a point and you have to buy an upgrade. Not cool. While the price offered here is OK, I got mine from Costco at $119.00 each. And right now they're priced way better than lesser or equivalent Western Digital drives. Make sure to keep them well supported and with good, clean air circulation, as these drives tend to fall over quite easily, and they can run hot especially of dust builds up in them."
"I'm not blown away, but I'm satisfied with this.  Some comments:"
"Now that I have had the drive in hand, and loaded a good amount of data onto it. I will say that I am very happy with this drive!  I get about 60MBps write / 120-150MBps read from this drive through USB 3.0.  It took me 1 minute : 2 seconds to copy a 6.6Gb movie file from the drive, to the PC.  I absolutely love it so far!"
I decided to try out this drive with Time Machine on my MacBook Air.
I've been in the market for a new storage drive ever since I upgraded my macbook to lion and suddenly my Iomega NAS stopped being able to backup wirelessly. After more drama with Iomega then I care to get into I gave up on the idea of wireless backups w/o buying an Apple Time Capsule which I really didn't want to do. Segate brand was recommended to me and I decided to give this little model a try.
Pros:
"""Make the computer work for you; don't work for the computer."""
"Attached to a computer, the Backup Plus is a speedy drive with lots of space. Macs will cheerfully use it as a Time Machine drive, Windows systems will benefit from the HFS+ tool for cross-compatibility, so really, it's a fine drive for a fair price."
I'm not interested in using the included backup software so I won't be adressing that aspect of the Seagate.
"I bought the predecessor of this drive in December 2011. It was there to backup my main drive once a day, which it did for a year. I basically forgot about the thing because it was automatic. Yesterday I noticed the drive was missing from my system and found it was dead."
"I have 3 of these drives, serving as multiple backups of photos and media. It's a really great backup drive but not without some shortcomings, specifically with the Seagate backup software. But that's the only downside of the drive."
