"For anyone out there who is considering whether or not to make the leap and purchase the iPad 2, this review is for you. If you're still debating between the iPad 1 and the iPad 2 check out my review of the first generation iPad right here on Amazon to see a discussion of its strengths and weaknesses with a number of people commenting (both positively and negatively) over the past 11 months."
"People need to be aware that the reviews you see for the iPad often reflect the old Mac/PC platform wars with some people making comments who simply don't like iPads from a distance, without actually owning one, because they see it as part of the deplorable Apple mania they find so distasteful.  They're entitled to their opinion, of course, but it is unfortunate they skew the evaluation of this product without the deep acquaintance one needs in order to give it an insightful evaluation."
"First things first: I consider myself relatively unbiased on Apple products. I received the original iPad as a gift (which I was able to return once I saw the iPad 2 announcement) and I have an old iPod 4th gen with color display which is still going strong after a few years, but aside from that I typically use Windows PCs and my phone is Android."
"I have purchased both an iPad2 and Xoom for different family members.  I thought it worth comparing the two devices for anyone interested.  Many of my comments are subjective so bear that in mind when reading the review."
"SUMMARY: White iPad 2 64GB Wifi-only"
"If you're considering a tablet, the only rational choice is the iPad 1 or the iPad 2. Anything else you there is too expensive/too buggy/lacking support/etc. As someone who owns a desktop but no laptop, the iPad 2 is just perfect. A laptop would often be redundant, though it would be handy for working outside of the home.  With the iPad, I will use it all the time both in the home and elsewhere."
"i bought this from apple because amazon didn't have it yet.  I am middle- aged, love my nano, a kindle devotee from the first days, don't have a smart phone, and am a pc user.  at first i was awed by the touchscreen and the resolution quality.  images are gorgeous.  but now, it is really annoying.  too often the screen doesn't respond, and then reacts when you don't even know you're touching it.  the word processing function has been limited and limiting from the start, for someone accustomed to microsoft."
"The iPad is an invaluable travel companion if you are a frequent travelet."
"My primary reason to buy an iPad was both work and home use. At work I wanted to stop printing the powerpoint decks and reports to read, and just read them on an iPad in meetings/on the go. For home I was tired of not being able to get to all my magazines and never having them on me when I wanted to read them. I also wanted to watch some TV/movies in bed/around the home so that I did not have to switch on the big living room TV. The iPad 2 has been a perfect solution for all these and more. I'm kicking myself that I went with the lowest 16GB version as I find myself downloading more content and apps everyday! It's not a laptop/desktop replacement either at home or work, but it's a great media consumption device and more."
"The biggest change in our lives so far with the arrival of our iPad 2 is now that we have three of them, no one is without an ipad 24/7.  You wouldn't think this would be a big deal but it is.  It has eliminated all discord here plus the place is quiet as a tomb most of the time as each person is curled up with his own ipad. We are a husband and wife in our 60s plus my husband's mother who is 100 years old. She is curled up with the iPad almost all day long as her ability to do anything active has all but vanished. She goes easily  from reading a Danielle Steele ebook to watching a Prince William and Kate lifetime movie."
"So, you're thinking of buying an iPad however, you're not so sure of what it can do and how it works. So, here is the \"Dummies Guide to the iPad\" to help you make that decision."
"So I'm in the kitchen, listening to my music library, and typing a review for the I-Pad 2. I have put a little more than 14 hours of research and 6 hours of non-stop use. I'm not gonna waste my time writing the specs for this device because if you are reading this I assume you already know the specifications, if not you can easily access the Apple website and do your own research. This review is aimed more towards the educated consumer. A consumer, who like me, has spent various hours of the night researching and contemplating his or her next moves."
"When choosing which capacity iPad to buy, you should be aware of the following:"
"The first iPad really defined the tablet market and while a trickle of competing tablets were released, none of them has matched the critical acclaim of the iPad 2. The consensus of CNET, Engadget and most other tech reviewers is that the Motorola Xoom is the closest competitor, but falls just short of iPad."
"The iPad 2 really is a nice toy, but not more than that. I own the 32 GB WiFi version.For getting things done even a Netbook is a better choice and cost's a third. The keyboard and the connectivity with the \"real\" digital environment is really missing. For reading books the Kindle is way better. It's the perfect device for casual surfing. Casual fit's the device the best. If you like to read rather get a Kindle. When it's about work a PC or Mac is the better choice. The iPad kind of fill's the gap, if you already own any of the above devices, then it's often more convenient to use the iPad. Just be sure that you are ready the pay the premium for something you don't really need."
"At first this device was the best thing I had ever bought! Two weeks later I'm kind of disappointed."
"Apple markets this as the ultimate portable computer product, but it has serious shortcomings similar to the iPhone that I wasn't aware of as I don't own one.  If you have no interest in external files or photos, then this may not be important to you.  I waited a month for mine to be delivered, and after a week, I can say I'm keenly disappointed for specific reasons of Apple's own making."
"Not previously owning an iPad I did not know what to expect purchasing the iPad 2. After using it for weeks though, I can honestly say it is perfect and has no problems that I can comment on. After purchasing a wireless keyboard, I plan on completely replacing the computer with this tablet. Netflix and other amenities are great as well. I would get black though, I see the white becoming faded and not as clean looking after a while."
"The iPad alone I would give 4-5 stars to.  Since there is no way to separate the service you get with this device, and the device itself (and once you get this particular model of iPad, you are most likely to be using AT&T; (T-mobile is slower)), this device gets a really unfair rating from me.  Go look at the Verizon version."
"I never got the IPad 1. Actually at first I thought it was nothing special. I saw it as an ITouch but a whole lot bigger and no cameras. But when my sister showed me her IPad 2 (and 1). I was convinced this was a great product. So first chance I got, I got one."
"Apple online offers free engraving.  There is a saying \"nothing in life is free.  Guess what, free engraving means you CANNOT RETURN IT.  So, I wait a month for it to arrive.  It looks delicate and expensive and I am excited to use it.  I can't get it to work.  I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD Itunes to register it and get to work.  I get it to work and then the WIFI at my home and work and everywhere else is locked so I have to buy some service.  I buy the 250MB.  Yes, I know it is not a lot but I have a computer at home and at work; this was just for play.  One day later, I HAVE only 40 MB left.  I had to buy the 2GB service."
"I was given an iPad 2 for Mother's Day this year and it is truly one of the best gifts I've ever received! I have a large family, and every person here uses the iPad on a regular basis. It's been in use for the last 5+ months from morning until night and I am still delighted and amazed with it."
"Ok, my rating is a compromise, in terms of working exactly like its intended to it should be 4.5 stars or so, in terms of how it replaces things like a kindle, a smartphone or notebook, its maybe 1 star. I really wanted something that would allow me to ditch the laptop and use this on travel. Its not happening, functions are too poor, touch screen keyboard is not tactile enough to use for any real typing, Safari browser is cumbersome to use, can't read the screen in even normal daylight so doesn't replace my e reader at all. No real spreadsheet functions or presentation modes. Too clumsy to take noes on.  The only things it replaces laptop for are movies or videos and even then the battery life is pretty poor. As far as I can tell I really got sucked into buying one from the hype. On the other hand I use my smartphone (iPhone) constantly and it also replaced my mp3 for traveling. A case of a product making your life easier. I'm going to give the tablet to my daughter, I'm sure she will use it, but I havent really found a useful role for it"
"After playing around an iPad2 in the Apple store, I did a little research, made the leap and bought one."
"I thought about getting a tablet a hundred and seventy  eight times before finally buying one. I have a couple of laptops and a mac desktop so I wondered if I really need one. I know it isn't that expensive to own but then I also had 2 iPod Touches. So basically I was going to get the iPad 1 first but then they came out with the iPad 2, I waited several months and then like any man who hates indecision I decided to get a tablet. The choice was simple. I was used to the iPod Touch (4th generation) and thought this would possibly be similar. I was worried it would sit in one corner of my house. To clarify I never needed an iPad, what I did like however the most was the speaker on it. You see, i'm big on music and wanted something that can behave like a traveling jukebox. Besides watching a film when I'm on an airplane  won't be a bad idea either. I was sincerely considering getting the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 but then I knew this thing has been the best selling product of all time so I decided to get it anyway. I've had it for a little over a month now and in the following points i shall speak of the features, some unique and share my findings with you."
"We are now the proud owners of two (2) iPad 2 tablets.  We have one white 64GB WiFi/AT&T; 3G and one black 16GB WiFi."
"I've postponed this review for a few months -- waiting to see how useful it would be after the newness wore off. So, the verdict is in:"
"If you're deciding whether or not to buy an iPad 1 or iPad 2, you may want to read this first.  I've had an iPad 1 for 9 months.  Before I bought it, I doubted how much I would use it.  It had no hard drive, USB connectors, DVD player, camera, full keypad, ability to load major business software apps, ability to play flash-developed graphics, and it did not have much storage and memory space.  I wondered how it could be useful to me, since I had many Apple products - Mac Pro, Macbook Pro, iPhone, Mobile Me, Airport, Time Capsule, etc."
"I've done a ton of research on tablets, and ultimately decided on the iPad 2. I like the customization of android, but in the end it came down to the stability and the vast amount of apps. Before considering buying an iPad I was wondering why people would not shut up about how many apps there are, well now I really do get it. While some of them aren't very useful for me, there are quite a few i would say that are very well designed and extremely useful and just plain entertaining."
"Got the product and had problems with it right away. I even took it into the Apple store and it couldn't be fixed. Had to return it to the company and I had to pay shipping and handling back. Also upon taking it in to the Apple store for assistance I paid more for this \"new\" product than I would have if I bit the bullet and bought one from Apple. Upon emailing the company directly I got VERY unprofessional responses and was not pleased with the customer service I received in the slightest. After buying one from Apple directly I have had no problems at all."
"The ipad2 I ordered from amazon came very quickly, a lot faster than they expected. It was a 32 gb. This was for my 68 year old sister-in-law who has not used a computer. After a few instructions, she was able to pick up and use it, using face time to talk to her son abroad, nephews and grand nephews across the state, skyping, emails etc. She wanted to store pictures in it so we bought a usb cable to attached an external portable hard drive, and lo and behold, it doesn't eve see it. Apparently, apple products are not expandable as I thought. (I used an android operating system from verizon). So she is stuck with pictures in her sd card. So I told her to just store the pictures in sd cards. SD cards are not that cheap though but I don't see an alternative. She does not have a laptop at all. This is my only gripe with the Ipad."
"Ok now Im not rich so I dont have a Xoom and a Touchpad and a Tab and everything else to compare it too, but I can give you my review of the iPad itself."
"I have had this thing switched out 6 times at the apple store because there is always dead pixels on every screen, I mean the black pixels that are annoying, I guess apple is now trying to use cheaper products to save them money and rip us off."
"An iPad-2 (64GB) purchased by me a year ago stopped working in May 2012 despite having been barely used. Apple, by necessity, replaced it at its Reston, VA store. That brand new replacement iPad failed again within just 4 months (Serial number DKVHG0MNDFJ0). The Apple store in Reston VA refused to fix or replace it, hiding behind a claimed \"3 month warranty for (new) replacements. (ref. its store manager, Ingrid H.), even though it was less than 5 months old."
"I'm a long time Android phone user, but I decided to give Apple a try when it came to a tablet."
"I bought the iPad 2 wifi 16g to take with me to Afghanistan. When I first recieved it, it was amazing. It was new, flashy, fast, the charge lasted forever and all my friends wanted to play with it. After about a week or two, the battery didn't seem to stay charged as long. It wasn't that big of a problem though, because I was never far from a plug. When I got to Afghanistan is when I lost all respect for the iPad 2. The lack of constant signal caused apps and updates to half download which left permanent gliches in the programs and the main screen as well, that I cannot get rid of. Problems, that none of my friends with other brand's tablets had. The battery life was almost cut in half and its a hassle to do anything with it now because of the poor state of apps and the whole iPad itself. I would recommend this if you will always have perfect signal and never be more than 10 feet away from a plug."
"I was surprised to see that my iPad2 was defect. However the box was nicely sealed and the item looked brand new. So I mailed in a complaint to the Amazon retail store that sold me the product. I got a fast response saying that I should contact Apple, because it's a factory defect. So I replied on the mail by saying, Why? I purchased from you, so you should handle this case with your supplier (which in this case is Apple). But that did not help much, I really needed to contact Apple online store to solve this problem. So I did! To make a long story short, 3 weeks later and I finally have a new iPad2. Not from the Amazon online store, but directly from Apple. My sugestion is. Don't buy this item from this Amazon store, since there is no benifit in buying from them!"
"First, when you guys say 500,000 application, do you really count the silly games as useful applications?"
"Conceived from its sleek, glossy 10\" counterpart, the new iPad Mini boasts one gigantic new trait over the full-sized iPad: the ability to hold it in one hand. This almost revolutionary twist on the device that sparked a frenzy in the tablet world has finally brought joy to those that have held out hope of such higher portability in an iPad for so long. But does the iPad Mini live up to the hype?  Absolutely."
"I'm an avid reader and a writer who has tried every portable device under the sun. Smart phones (even the large ones) are too small to read comfortably or to type; laptops simply are not portable enough due to short battery lives; and other tablets were uncomfortably large for me (I've got small hands.) I've tried taking notes directly on screens with a stylus; I've tried Bluetooth keyboards; and I've tried typing directly on screens. Everything was either too large or too small. Other, similarly-sized tablets tend to lag, or the battery life is very poor."
"The perfect tablet is not out there and seems to be one model ahead, as technology evolves."
"The product itself is fantastic and my stars are based on the product being a great deal and a great device."
"I was hesitant to purchase the ipad mini from a dealer because there were only stock pics and limited description but I'm very happy I took the chance. First, I contacted the seller to ask a question and they replied the same day with an answer so 5 stars for communication. Second, the product arrived in it's original box with the serial number of the device matching the packaging, this exceeded my expectation. Accessories were neatly stowed as if they had never been used. I could find no blemishes on the ipad mini, it looked like new. I took it by my local Apple store to have them check it out and they confirmed that it was like new. They were also able to look it up and tell me when it was originally purchased (Nov) and they registered it to me."
"I was a bit hesitant to spend $300+ on a non-HD tablet, seeing as the Nexus 7 is only $199, but I'm very glad that I did. I am by no means an apple fanatic, I traded my iPhone 4 for a Galaxy Nexus and never looked back. However, the tablet ecosystem is much different than smartphones right now. I find myself using the iPad mini almost always over my phone now, aside from texting and calling. Here's my list of pros and cons:"
""
"This is a very non-technical review -- the newest version of the iPad rocks with its portability. This iPad mini easily slips into a purse or jacket pocket making it easy to carry around for either a female or male. You get all of the perks of the regular iPad with the extra benefit of being able to carry it around with you everywhere. Simply amazing!"
"love it and paid $329.00 plus tax = 348.74 from the Apple store! ITS A awesome product for sure i have all apple products as well  only way to go  thanks"
"Man this is an amazing product. Its better than the iPad, I would say. It's much easier to handle because it is not as bulky as the iPad. I feel that I don't even need a laptop anymore. With all the apps out there, I don't think we will be needing laptops pretty soon. This product makes your life easy. Hands down!"
"Great product!!!"
"ABOUT THIS REVIEWER"
"Whether this is your first iPad or a replacement to an aging iPad, then you should consider the good, bad and the ugly before adding to your cart. I replaced a 32GB 1G iPad with a 32GB wi-fi mini. So, of course, the mini adds some features right off the bat that make it a major improvement over the 1G, but most importantly, this device travels with me more often than my previous iPad ever did."
"I like this particularly as a new elderly  user.  The larger ones were not easy to carry around in my purse."
"Being an android user for the past four years I was skeptical at just how much I would like an apple tablet, but I have seen the light. I finally bit the bullet and now have my first apple tablet and could kick myself for not doing it sooner. I wear three professional hats as an actor, producer, and business owner and the iPad has apps not found on the Android market that have immensely increased my productivity in all three. Also, the iPad makes entertainment SO much easier managing everything through iTunes. If you aren't sure whether to go with an Android tablet or Apple trust me I've now had both and can tell you won't regret going with the iPad. That is just my opinion."
""
"My husband bought this for me when it first came out because I own most things Apple. Despite my being a huge Apple fan, I wasn't sure I'd put this to good use. In the past month I've really come to love this thing."
"The iPad mini is just perfect! I'm in love with the size and design of Apple's new version of the iPad."
"I won't go in detail of the specs, there's plenty out there, so I'll just keep it in simple terms. This will be probably considered biased, being that I have way too many Apple products to count (iMacs, macbooks, mac mini, iphones, ipods, ipads etc..) so if you're not a fan of the truly brilliant company that is Apple, then you probably don't want to read this review."
"I loved my iPad Mini as soon as I got it for XMas and I had to purchase one for my husband. Now we are both avid users of the iPad mini!"
"What a great toy . I still am trying to figure out how to work the many features. Love to Skype my grandkids and watch old movies on Netflix. Have not figured out how to download my video documentaries. The movie camera feature is a real blast. This might be the gadget made for us old folks. I bought the mini ipad hoping to find a replacement for my old Zune. It is on the road to extinction as I am and I wanted a device to store my library of video documentaries. I would watch these videos while waiting on my wife while visiting her many doctors. I bought a Kindle Fire but it did not have the capacity for storage. It looks like the Mini ipad will fill the bill. I would like to watch movies from Netflix and Amazon but the doctors' offices are not rigged up for waiting spouses' comfort as yet. As soon as I can figure out how to configure the format for my videos for the mini ipad I will be really happy with my purchase."
"I was on the fence with purchasing the iPad mini and am so glad I did. When the original iPad came out I purchased it, but later sold it because with having both an iPhone & a MacBook, I couldn't justify having another portable device - but the mini changes this. I absolutely love this smaller design, it is so much lighter & fits in one hand so it is so much easier & enjoyable to use and the way the edges are curved it just fits perfect in the hand. All of the full sized iPads (especially the latest Retina generation) are beautiful & wonderful, but if you're looking for something that's more comfortable in the hand where you don't have to constantly hold it with two hands or rest it against your legs because of the size & weight, the mini is your best bet. I now find that I use my iPad mini ALL THE TIME because it feels so right in my hands. Plus, since it's smaller it's much easier for me to slip in my purse & carry on the go."
"i loved it! light as a kindle but with all the functionality of iPad 2. surprised becausei thought this was just a quick way to sell more tablet but there is a good use for this smaller form factor."
"Love the mini.  Does everything it's bigger siblings can do, and a lot more conveniently.  Almost wish you could make calls with it!"
""
"I bought this product at the apple store the day it was released, and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND buying this product from apple, that is if you want to save money. Otherwise there is no point in buying this product from amazon unless you are one of those people that wants to spend an extra 80 bucks. From the apple store, the 16 gig iPad mini is 330$, while the same product sells for 417$ on amazon."
"Three words: wonderful, wonderful. wonderful. I already own an Ipad 2 and wanted a smaller screen for traveling, bedside etc. So, I thought I'd enter the Android world and purchased a Samsung Galaxy tab 2. The 8gb available is not nearly sufficient and the micro SD slot will not allow you to transfer apps or rented/ purchased tv and movies because of copyright issues. So, what is the point of expandable memory?? Returned it and bought the Google Nexus 7. This is a nice tablet but I was frequently charging the battery and the 7\" size looked small to me. Thank goodness I purchased it at a retailer where I had 15 days to return. I visited an Apple store and happened to look at the Ipad minis. I could not wait to return the nexus and I bought the mini. Sure, more money, but you get what you pay for. These tablets are so smooth, and display none of \"hesitation\" while scrolling that the Android tablets do. The color and contrast are far superior to the android tablets and the 7.9 inch screen looks huge next to the 7\" Android screens. BUY IT! You'll love the Ipad mini."
"The apple iPad mini is great. After having an ipad for a year, I love the size of the iPad mini. Small enough to throw in my purse, but big enough to be able to read the print."
"I'm much more impressed than I thought I would be with the new iPad mini.  For comparison purposes I currently use my Nexus 7 tablet, Acer Iconia A500 tablet, Kindle tough and HTC One X. I'm not going to nitpick hardware specs.  Sure the screen isn't IPS but I don't see the big difference unless I have two devices side-by-side.  In actual use,  they all have fantastic screens."
"This is an amazing tablet/computer. It's so light and the thinnest tablet I've ever seen. 7.9 inches may seem small on your computer screen, but it's actually a decent size. And light and small enough to hold in only one hand. It's perfect for typing papers with Pages. But I do recommend buying a BlueTooth keyboard, which is what I am using now to type this review. Watching movies is awesome. And games from the App Store are so fun to play. The only down side is that it's not as clear as the full size iPad. But that really isn't a big deal unless you're super crazy about that kind of stuff. Otherwise I highly recommend this tablet to anyone looking for something like this. I hope you decide to buy one, it'll be worth the money."
"This I pad mini is great, what I like most is suri is on it and she knows she's the s***."
"I already have numerous Apple products, and I even have a Ipad. The mini offers everything the bigger one has with a little more portability. Fast shipping an good price. Would recommend."
"arrived on time, works perfectly  I recommend buying it, is a good choice for a good price, FIVE STARS FOR THIS PRODUCT"
"Update: 12/16/12: There have been several firmware updates since the product first came out.  The device seems to hang less often now than when I noted below... on the order of once every 2 to 3 weeks."
"drops wifi way too often, and needs re-setting up each time so this really is not reliable or useful for essental security lighting or something that has to be shut off or on remotely, a little expensive, great idea if it actually worked, perhaps they will come out with one that works reliably, we had both sensor and just switch but both lost connection every 3 hours to 2 days or so, belkin service and tech support no help, returned without problems at the apple store, bad belkin, good apple store"
"Good idea and product when it works. Set up 1 device with IFT and it works great. Bought another but cannot set up with IFT as IFT only supports one Wemo! Tried setting up Wemo rules for that device but could not get them to work. Called the 'tech support' (offshore) and after spelling everything out 4 or 5 times (do not seem to understand English very easily) all they wanted was loads of personal information before they were prepared to help (including email, phone number etc). The whole call to get the rules working on the device took over 45 minutes - half of this was taking personal information. At the end of it the Wemo rule still says 'Turn on at (null)' and won' store a time. All in all a big failure. In the end I figure out a workaround. I added a rule, then disabled it (it came up with the null times). Leaving that rule there, I added new (enabled) rules and they worked! Belkin need to get the device working properly and GET REAL SUPPORT."
"This product is not ready.  The lag is unbearable.  Constantly searching for devices.  Tries to upgrade firmware 1540 all the time (or firmware upgrade never finishes).  Motion sensor blue led indicates detections reliably, but the app has either a huge delay or unreliable detections showing.  This causes the rule not to trigger most of the time.  Just a simple rule to turn on switch for 1 minute when detecting motion fails 9 times out of 10."
"While I am not an IT administrator, I am the person friends and family come to with computer and home network issues. That being said, the setup of the first outlet was very simple and everything worked as should. After over an hour of changing network settings, restarting the device and following all of the other hints from the website, I still have not been able to get the second outlet to show up on the app. This product is not ready for the mainstream yet - pretty disappointing for a Belkin product as most of their products that I have used work very well. I will probably return both as I want to use one app to control all of my outlets and lights."
"-----12 February 2013 Update-----"
"I had problems setting up the switch.  My iphone connected to the switch but the WeMo software froze once the setup was complete and couldn't find the switch.  I spent several hours reading through similar customer experiences and attempting many times to reload and reconnect.  I attempted to get feedback from Belkin but gave up after a day and unhelpful feedback from a tech that simply pointed me to FAQs and generic approaches.  It appears they have a quirky problem with some units that they don't have complete understanding for.  For me this was a hopeful experience that turned out disappointing.  I hope Belkin can improve quality enough that in subsequent versions the unit will work out of the box with no difficulty."
"I'm glad I only bought one of these to try out, I would be happier if I had bought none.  I wanted to use it to shut off power to an irrigation system on my ranch (200 miles away from home) when my wifi camera indicates that my cistern is running dry.  The problem is that anytime the WEMO drops the Internet connection it turns itself off.  It would make much more sense for it just to maintain its current state (off or on) until the connection is restored or make it an option for the user to select the behavior.  This thing drops the connection with maddening frequency even when plugged in just several feet from the router.  The other issue is that at least half of the time the software can't find the switch (compared to my wifi camera which is always available).  When it does work it functions as advertised so I am sure it is all installed correctly.  The problem is that it is totally unreliable.  I would not recommend it to a friend (or enemy, just too cruel).  Very dissatisfied."
"Configuration of this device requires switching your phone/tablet to a different wifi network, then switching back, manually, twice.  The WeMo app (v1.1.2) can't seem to do this by itself; your instructions are to use the iOS Settings app to do it, then go back into the WeMo app.  I wonder if this is because of Apple's app sandboxing rules, but whatever: this is not a product I could ever give to my family or friends and have them set it up."
"A great idea, horribly implemented. The switch drops off my Wi-Fi network 2 or 3 times a week. When this happens, you must repeat the setup process and it stops functioning until you do. Belkin tech support had no good answer, other than to change my Wi-Fi router. The other half-dozen devices in my home have no problem with my network, so I'm confident it's the piece of junk WeMo, not my router."
"These are well-designed and relatively intuitive remote control switch and motion detector. Once you get them set up they are very useful and versatile enough to perform all sorts of remote or automatic functions in your house. However, they do have some design flaws and are pretty expensive."
"Bought the WEMO Switch to turn on and off my 10 year old espresso coffee maker. It takes 25 minutos to warm up and many times I want to arrive at home and drink a great espresso. I tested everything this switch is capable of and everything worked with both my Iphone-5 and Ipad. I also tested the AT&T; LTE , local network and external networks. Everything worked just fine. One important thing: As soon as you finish the setup , if the app doesn't see the switch, try the firmware update for the device. Before the firmware update it was not finding my switch."
"Spent 45 minutes on the phone with offshore support.  They could not get the product to work with my WPA2 secured network.  It would connect to an unsecured network however.  I used the unsecured network to update the firmware but that didn't solve the issue.  I'm returning the product."
"Took 2 hours to try to get it set up without luck.  Going through the first time setup, everything appeared to connect fine.  But then the app would say \"Looking for switch...\" but never find anything. After multiple unplugging, restarting, plugging it in next to the router, etc. I finally gave up and emailed customer service.  After 48 hours without a response, I'm going to return it."
"still can't get the motion sensor to connect .... And stay connected.doing everything right, restore,reset,reconnect. Found it once, to set up, but app never found the sensor."
"When I was reading the specifications of this product, I assumed I could still download the app over the internet and control the device online since the description was talking about controlling the switch over Wi-Fi. Well, dumb me, just because it's controlled over Wi-Fi doesn't mean you can control it from any device you want. I have the app downloaded through iTunes, but you can't open it unless you're using an Apple device, and I have an Android phone and a PC computer. Overall, this is a great idea (also an expensive one...$50 for one timer, yeesh!), but I wish there was a platform for PCs and Andriod devices. I think I'll just stick to my good ol' simple timers, like"
"I bought this on the heels of buying 2x WiFi thermostats from 3M. Setup was a breeze on those units compared to the Belkin wifi switch."
"Let me answer the first question - what exactly does this do?"
"I looked at the Belkin website. I scoured Amazon. I could not find anywhere what 802.11 spec this used. So I went ahead and bought one. Sure enough, it's 802.11n ONLY and is not backward compatible with my B/G network. I'm not interested in upgrading my network, yet, so this had to go back."
"I've been on the hunt for the past few months now for a cheap solution for home use that'd allow me to kill power to my home \"server\" and then bring it back since it's set to auto power on after power failure."
"I had a number of challenges to get the Wemo to work reliably and consistently. The absolute most important thing you need to know about the Wemo before purchasing it is that it will likely be ineffective if you have your Wireless SSID broadcast disabled."
"Ok, I just spent an hour trying to setup a gadget I don't really need. It is another gizmo marketed as a consumer product, plug and play. It is not. Nothing is new in this world. The first switch was working for a few minutes. After I added the second, both turned into pumpkins. The switches are no longer found. Well, enough playing with settings, resets, etc."
"I have standard Apple networking gear - Airport Extreme + 2 Expresses creating a full coverage wifi network throughout my house. This thing just doesn't work. It worked once, for 2 minutes, in the socket adjacent to one of the routers, and then never again. I can't understand why Belkin released something this flakey. My network is not exotic, and everything else works on it perfectly. This just ... doesn't."
"I was so excited to get my hands on the WEMO.  Unfortunately, it did not want to connect to my phone.  I restarted it a couple time and it was set up properly, but it seems to lose the connection.  It also does not work outside of my home network (that it what it told me once I set up properly).  When I tried to connect 30 minutes later, the device could not be found."
"Received three of these from Amazon on Friday.  Impressive packaging and great out-of-box experience.  Incredibly easy to setup.  Hooked them up to three air conditioners in my house.  Tried it out over the weekend and was loving how well they worked.  I now had the capability to leave my home with my ACs off and, an hour before return, fire them up and arrive to a nicely cooled house."
"I received one as a beta tester through IFTTT, and it's pretty cool. I have the sensor sitting in the garage, set up through IFTTT to text me when it detects motion. I set up the outlet to turn on a light in my son's room - which is fun to play with on the iPad, even though the app's made for iPhone."
"Home automation has been the holy grail for tech companies.  Most home automation systems are very expensive and need to be wired by professional installers.  For most of the population in the US this is overkill as very few people are in gigantic homes that would even need these things. The average person would like to have some control of a few lamps and environmental systems. Home heating and air conditioning, hot water heater, exterior light control would all be good."
"This thing won't stay connected. I set it up per the instructions. I have a solid wi-fi network with an AP about 10 feet from the WeMo switch. It works fine at first on my network and out on the internet. Then it stops working. I get home and still can't access it. I have to go through the setup procedure again and it works again for a while before quitting again. I have other home automation like security cameras and a Hue. They work perfectly. Frustrating!"
"Update 03/12/13 - The switch was on this morning when it should be off and it did not show up in the WeMo app.  It rained last night; I didn't think the power went out as the the stove and microwave clocks looked normal, as well as the PC and TV.  A little poking in the WeMo app - a couple of tries to search for the switch, but nothing found and it did not show up in Wi-Fi Settings.  So I reset by unplugging from the AC outlet, holding the button down and keeping it down while plugging back in.  Go to the WeMo app, but nothing there.  Go to Wi-Fi Settings, it took two iterations, but then WeMo showed up in Wi-Fi Settings.  Here is a counter intuitive part: you select WeMo in Wi-Fi Settings (check mark appears) and close settings.  One might think I'm no longer connected to the home network, but keep the faith and go to the WeMo app.  It searches for the switch, gives me my home network login for the WEP password and crashes once.  Open and try the password again - this time it takes.  Re-enable my previously set up Rule and I'm good to go.  Taking away another start."
"The wemo device I bought is effectively an expensive, frustrating brick."
"I bought this because I was hoping to some home automation... well it works, but it only seems to work when on the home network.  So, if you want that then you're golden.  I thought I could use it when I am out of town to change the lighting schedules so, it really looked like I was home.  It says you can use it anywhere, but it seems to truly only work on the home network... well, I can walk over and turn a light on."
"It is an unreliable, half baked product like many from Belkin. I have had positive experience with one out of four different products"
"Extremely easy to set up. Operates great. My Two year old knows how to use it. I have to get a few more."
"This is an awesome gadget for hands-on control of your energy usage.  The WeMo app for iPhone works great and product looks sleek.  Good WiFi connectivity, definitely recommend this product."
"This works exactly as described, I use it to control my AC so i can turn it on before i get home works great."
""
"Continually asks to upgrade firmware to avoid having rules overridden. When you follow the dialog, nothing seems to happen beyond having your devices drop offline momentarily. Web site is not great in explaining when/how/why to expect firmware changes and the directions provided to force a firmware upgrade seem to be incorrect as they reference options under the 'more' menu which are not there."
"This is the best.  I bought three of them for my house, downloaded the free app, had them installed within minutes and they are working like a champ.  The home automation they provide is perfect.  You should absolutely buy a few of these for your home or business!"
"I, like many of the reviewers here, also had a number of issues with setup... but ultimately got this to work and am happy so far. Here's what I had to do:"
"after going through every timer switch I could find, this one finally does everything I want.  BEing able to program and remotely operate via iphone is awesome."
