"I own the Motorola T505 and the Jabra Cruiser2.  It made sense to me to take a little road test and compare the two bluetooth speakerphones in an effort to determine which one is better.  With my mom on the other end, I took to the local freeways and switched back and forth between the two units while mom told me what she was hearing on her end of the conversation."
"After reading all the reviews, I initially went with the Motorola Roadster. I liked that it had the ability to read text messages (my teenage sons favorite way to communicate with me) and that it turned on automatically when I got in the car. Once I had it, it works basically as stated but the sound quality was so poor and the fm transmitter was poor.  I bought the Jabra 2 and have been using it for the past few days. I was so surprised when the voice came on reading me a text message!  Motorola doesn't tell you this but the app MotoSpeak works with other units! Not only that but the quality of speech is far superior on the Jabra unit. So far, I'm really happy with it.  Both units pair with 2 devices, both have FM transmitters, both use voice commands."
""
I'm using this with a Sony Ericsson C905a.
"This little guy works famously, as advertised.  But beware, it works TOO GOOD. By that, I mean that the range exceeds that which is practical.  So ?  So, if you don't remember to switch it off each time you leave the car, and you go into a store, concrete walls or not, if you are still within it's very large radius, you are STILL CONNECTED.  If the phone rings, Jabra will answer, even though you will try with your phone in your hand to answer but are prevented. Jabra still trys to connect with your phone as though you are still in the car...  Most annoying.  If you forget again when parking at home, it will still answer when you get inside.  You must remember to switch it off each and every time you leave the vehicle.  The only way I could find to override the connectivity and answer the phone in the store or home, was to use the Speakerphone on the phone which commands Jabra to Disconnect.  Still, Jabra gets 5-stars for it's clarity, ease of setup, application and faithfulness.  :-)"
"I just received the CRUISER2 yesterday and am highly impressed.  Once charged all I had to do was turn on Bluetooth on my iPhone4 and the CRUISER2 immediately recognized the phone and started downloading my contacts.  I was interested in a powerful speakerphone but one that also allowed me to use A2DP to stream audio.  Unlike other reviewers, I found this device really shone using the FM transmitter.  All I had to do was push the FM button on the side of the device and it literally called out the radio station to use.  As soon as I switched the car radio to the requested station, my BMW328xi actually showed ""CRUISER2"" on the display.  I streamed music and podcasts from the iPhone4 to the FM receiver using the CRUISER2 and the sound was solid with little distortion or background noise.  It's not the same quality as a CD but given road noise it was no problem whatsoever and I think it actually sounded better than using the car's AUX input.  In the middle of listening to some music a call came in on my phone.  The device worked well, with folks on the other side of the call saying they heard me very clearly at all times.  I switched between using the CRUISER2 speaker to listen to my call and the car's FM receiver (switching was as simple as pushing a button) and both worked great.  At one point I did start to hear some static on the FM receiver and immediately the CRUISER2 called out another station to use.  If you've ever tried to use your FM receiver with other technologies like XM radio you'll know how frustrating it is to fish through stations to find a clear signal.  The CRUISER2 told me the station, I switched, and a crystal clear signal was restored.  Sometimes it's the simple things that make all the difference."
I've used this unit for several weeks now and I have to say that I am really impressed.  I've used Bluetooth devices for years and this one is by far the best.
"Glad I bought this instead of spending the $ on a new stereo.  I paired this device with my IPOD Touch 4 and Blackberry Bold, and it will pair with up to 11 devices!! It works great with my IPOD and Blackberry. It is also simple and easy to use. I can be listening to my IPOD over my car's speaker systems without wires, receive a call, and it automatically fades out the music on my ipod and announces who is calling. When I take the call, it stays muted until I hang up. The only draw back is it doesn't pause the music on my ipod, so when I end the call, I don't get to finish the song. I still think it's wonderful that I can use the Blackberry and IPOD together. It also streams music from Pandora from my Blackberry just as flawlessly."
"I tried both the Jabra Cruiser and the Motorola Roadster as replacement for my older Motorola T505 which I sold to an employee.  I loved my T505.  It sounded great on internal speaker or on FM radio. Either the Roadster or the Cruiser sound good on internal speaker with the edge going to Roadster for sound quality, appearance and features."
"I got this because I was constantly losing my bluetooth headsets, so I ended up buying something I figured I wouldn't put down and forget."
Here is a feature by feature review:
"I want to start this review off with the fact that I am a sales representative in the Los Angeles area, and I am on the road all the time.  I had actually purchased a new stereo head unit with bluetooth capabilities, but that was in the range of $600, plus another $200 to have it installed. My wife convinced me to try one of these visor type units before I went ahead with the costly installation of the expensive unit."
Jabra Cruiser2 in-car speakerphone is a nifty little device and works pretty well in both of my cars. I attempted it first in my Ford Focus ZTS which is less noisy than my other Ford GT and I am pleased to say that this In-Car Speakerphone has performed pretty well in both of our cars.
"After reading through the reviews, I was quite concerned about reports that voice dialing did not work. But, I watched a demo video on the web where it was demonstrated so I decided to take a chance and purchased one."
"I went two full months without recharging this unit. I never turn it off. I keep it in sleep mode. Though I talk 5-10 minutes a week, I drive an average amount and wake it up while driving so that is terrific. When I enter the car, I just hit the button to wake it up and it pairs immediately. This system works better than the motion detectors found on other units because it is fail safe."
I am so glad I purchased this Jabra Cruiser2.  It's very easy to use once it's on.  I read in a previous review that when someone calls it only reads the phone number.  I have an Android Galaxy S phone running Froyo 2.2 and when someone calls me it reads the callers name.  The cons of this device is that the on/off button is very small and hard to find without looking.  They should have made the button bigger so you could turn it on by feel.  I like the FM function for streaming Pandora or Slacker from my phone via bluetooth over the stereo.  I do not like the FM mode for calls.  It sounds to far away and you have to turn the sound on your stereo up really loud to hear the caller then when you turn it off it blasts your radio giving you a scare. Overall I would recommend this to anyone.
"I don't normally write reviews, but I do use them when evaluating purchase options.  I bought this unit at a local Costco.  Already having a unit (Soundfly BT purchased on Amazon) I wanted to compare units, primarily because voice quality on the receivers end was unclear.  I was forced to use only the FM transmitter mode on the Soundfly."
I have been using a Plantronics Savor M1100 Bluetooth Headset that replaced an even older Plantronics Voyager 510. My cell is an older Nokia but at least has voice dialing which I love. I am NOT a big cell phone power user. I also don't drive a car too much as I prefer motorcycles & motor scooters. But this was offered to try so I jumped at it since my wife is not retired and uses it daily while driving.
"This unit looks great, well-sized, the FM radio connection is super cool, the ipod integration is fab, speakers are good, and I really appreciated the combo car & wall charger."
"First let me say if you are looking for a hands free speakerphone, this is not the one to get. There is nothing about it that is hands free."
"This Jabra Cruiser2 speakerphone was used as a replacement for a Lexus in-car setup that we use on our primary car.  With the expectations high given the history we had with the seamless nature of in-car setups, the Jabra had some big shoes to fill; and it did."
"This is a great speaker with truly superior sound.  It's hard to identify all of the ways in which this works so well.  It works in a loudish car.  It works in the kitchen, in the office, and in the backyard.  It has truly wonderful sound.  It has an amazing battery life.  It is extremely easy to use in comparison to a Bluetooth headset.  Does it sound like I love it?  I do."
"I purchased several bluetooth ear pieces to use with my phone before I finally came to the conclusion that I just didn't like them. No matter the expense they were either uncomfortable, lacked good sound or full of static and sometimes all three! When I decided to give the"
"I searched the web for weeks trying to find a Bluetooth solution that was portable, easy to set up and had good sound quality on the receiver's end. This unit consistently received the highest reviews - there are always a few that get lemons, unfortunately - and I can now vouch for those that rated this unit highly. It set up with my iPhone 3 in a snap, installed easily right onto the sun visor (I have a Yukon, so I have two visors to pick from, which addresses the problem of ""how do you use this when you're using the visor?) and the people I called said they couldn't tell I was on a bluetooth speakerphone. I chose not to run the power cord all over the inside of the vehicle; the unit holds its charge forever, thanks to the auto power off feature that initiates once the phone is out of range from the unit for a given period of time. Finally, I agree that the slider buttons are too small, but I adapted after about two weeks of use. That's certainly not a big enough issue to take any stars away."
"This was a breeze to set up and works just fine.  I've had it for a few weeks, and have had no problems at all with it.  I even changed phones the other day, and it linked up with just a moment's effort.  People talking with me report that there seems to be no ambient noise while I'm driving, even with the sunroof cracked open!"
"Great product!! Easy set up, small out of the way design, great speaker make this an awesome accessory for your phone. People tell me it woulds like I am holding the phone to my ear when talking to them. It has a long lasting battery for even better performance. Well worth the money and a necessity for a stick shift."
"This was a Christmas present for my boyfriend after I had already received the last model Cruiser as a gift. After witnessing it in all its glory while driving in my car, he really wanted one for his very own."
It was amazingly easy to connect my iphone to the jabra cruiser2. My contacts were automatically downloaded and the first call I took was announced. Of course with any computer generated text to speech program it wasn't 100% accurate but close enough that I knew who was calling.
"I purchased this unit to replace a 1 year old Motorola Bluetooth headset. When I received the unit from Amazon, I charged the unit per the directions for 2 hours and then synchronized with my Blackberry. The pairing was very quick and very simple. I have a rather large contact list in my Blackberry so this part took a few minutes but was completed without any problem."
"Ease of use is great, and appreciate that it's always connected.  It's a problem, tho, when the phone rings and you're 20 feet away--have to run to the car to shut it off or talk there. Also, with both my daughter's unit and my own, it is often difficult for those on the other end of the call to understand what we are saying, and there are occasional blank moments on the receiving end of the conversation."
this is one of the nicest bluetooth devices i have ever used
Is there something this little speakerphone cannot do??? Here's what I love about it:
"Neither I nor Jabra tech support could get voice dialing to work with a Motorola Droid running the most recent Froyo (2.2) update.  I've had no problem with voice dialing with other devices, including an old Jabra bluetooth headset.  The device itself seemed ok, volume was loud, although the plasticky build quality was questionable and it was a fingerprint magnet.  I'm sticking with the dashboard mount for the droid, which beyond voice dialing, makes it easy to enter navigation commands and lots of other features."
"I have been using this hands free Bluetooth for a few weeks now. Having a newborn in the car I will not hold the cell phone up to my ear, I will only use Bluetooth speakerphones."
"I really wanted something for convenience since my car is a manual shift and would integrate easily into the car audio system without dropping a bundle.  The speakerphone alone is very clear with the normal 30' bluetooth range and easy functionality.  Other reviews about the transmitter range is true...it can be no more than 2 feet from the antenna source or it won't work with the car stereo.  You also have to set it to a radio frequency that has absolutely no station broadcasting on it within a couple hundred miles.  I ended up connecting speaker wire to the antenna and running it through the headliner to get reception from the transmitter.  Works perfectly now and very clear through the car stereo.  Although I don't use the feature, if you have music on your phone you can pipe it through this unit to your car stereo.  It's worth the money and great for older cars."
"I love my Honda Fit.  It's dependable, great on gas, and I can carry an expeditions worth of gear in the back with the seats down.  However, it's a noisy little beast going down the highway.  For this reason, I knew I needed a speakerphone with good volume and other reviewers had said the Jabra Cruiser2 was louder than most devices of this type.  However,it could not compete with road noise at 60mph.  Even turned to maximum volume I struggled to hear people talk to me.  Further, people on the other end didn't care for it either.  They said I sounded like I was in a tunnel and struggled to hear me.  I gave up after a week and reverted to my wired headset for driving.  Everyone was happier.  The Jabra Cruiser2 was a disappointing purchase.  Perhaps if you have a car with a quiet cabin this will work for you.  Otherwise, be cautious about purchasing."
"I loved the voice quality of this BUT the on/off button was so tiny that I couldn't live with the fumbling around just trying to turn it on or off. It was so frustrating, I was forced to return item. The other problem I had was that it wouldn't fit on my visor (my visor flips up and down) properly but I could have lived with that."
I just love this speakerphone.  I first press the button on my cell phone to bluetooth when I get into my vehicle and then push the little switch on the side of the speakerphone and the speakerphone talks to me and tells me it's connected.  When I leave my vehicle I turn the bluetooth off on my phone and the speakerphone tells me my phone is disconnected.  When I turn the speakerphone switch off it tell me it's off.
I bought this unit as my ear piece was always falling out; easy to lose; poor sound quality etc.. I purchased it based on the reviews and am happy to date (1 week). I have a Verizon Wireless Blackberry Bold that sync's up with no problem. I like using the FM transmitter through the car speakers when I know I am going to be on a long call; otherwise I keep it simple and use the speakerphone so I can listen to music at the same time. My phone lets it download my contact list so when I get an incoming call it announces their name and I use the voice dialing to send an outgoing call. The sound quality has been great and no one has complained. I am an old guy (50 years old) and not too techy and this was simple to setup and I like the voice commands that confirm when you turn it on and off and also when it sync's up with the phone. My only quirk which I am adapting to is the buttons for On/Off and FM transmitter are tiny on the side of the unit which others have noted. I have learned to use the buttons by feel as I can't see them easily. Also I don't think it has an Auto Off button so I am sure at some point I will get out of the car and forget to turn it off and have the battery drain. I have to also find the Low battery indicator if it has one. Overall a great product and I am very happy I have it. I am thinking of giving it to my (2) teenage sons to give them hands free answering phones in the car while they are driving. If they only could adapt this to also do text messages verbally both incoming/outgoing then the whole hands free thing would work for them. I am sure the technology/cost effectiveness is not too far away.
