"Does Logitech ever sleep?  They seem to churn out new and improved peripherals at an unsustainable pace.  Yet, here we are.  The long-time peripheral maker is at it again and has unleashed the"
"I received my mouse about a week ago, and have been putting it through the rounds.  Before using this mouse, my main gaming mouse was the Logitech G7.  It was a really great mouse for its time."
Logitech G700 Review
First the goods:
"I was thrilled to review the G700 because for one, I have owned a G7 for about four years and it works exactly like how it did when I first put it to use. Now, four years later and a 'seemingly' improved, and upgraded newer model, I could not wait to see how they improved the unimproveable. How can you get better than perfection? I thought: ""ok, change the look a little bit, add more buttons, and more response rate and you probably would improve the perfection that was G7"". However, with the technological improvements, the core features within the G7 were changed on the G700. These changes, to me, were not for the better. You may though, after reading this review, feel the complete opposite."
"I have owned this mouse for four months now (received 08/09/2011) and so far, it's been great.  This mouse was a replacement for my old Razer Orochi due to the fact that I needed a big mouse to fit my relatively large hands.  While not completely perfect, the mouse is great for casual gamers (like me) and pro gamers (when wired).  Hopefully this mouse is a great replacement to my overall favorite, the MX700, which lasted several years before breaking down in a gamer rage :P"
"So I love this mouse. While it is not adjustable, I find it extremely comfortable and perfect in weight. My only complaint is logitech's refusal to support OSX. Luckily the mouse is still programable and useable. You basically have two options:"
"The sole purpose of my review is to discuss using this mouse on a Mac.  Many of the reviews are very good and give you excellent information usable to make your decision, but I did not see any that discussed using this mouse on a Mac.  So here are simple questions and answers:"
I've had this mouse for a year or so. Originally when I bought it I was playing WoW. It's really uncomfortable for me to reach anything past 5 on the keyboard so I wanted a mouse with a few more extra buttons on it to help map a few more spells. It worked like a charm once I got used to it. Coupled with some add-ons I found it pretty easy to customize for my WoW needs. And with the exception of the G10 button I think all the other buttons are pretty easy to hit. The G10 is a bit of stretch so I have it set to change modes which I don't hit all that often. It helped make for tighter rotations as I was able to use multiple buttons. Say hitting W to move forward and spamming a mouse button to fire off an instant spell.
"I had been using exclusively Logitech mice for upwards of 10 years on all of my computers. And for the first few days, I was happy with the G700 as well. It has a nice shape and feel (as do all my other Logitechs), but not quite as nice as my old favorite, the G7."
Fantastic ergonomics.
While the feature of this mouse are GREAT.
"I've been using Logitech mice since I've been using computers and they've always worked well for me, so I did not hesitate to purchase this mouse after building my first gaming PC."
"I purchased this mouse for both gaming and the convenience of the programmable buttons for use with Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop. Overall, it's a great mouse."
"This mouse has been my favorite mouse of 3 different mice I have tried, The R.A.T. 9, The Naga Epic and this G700."
"When my Logitech G5 BF2142 edition died on me due to its cord being torn I needed a new gaming mouse , pronto! I was searching for something new, I changed to a Razer Deathadder 3500, it's a great mouse with the exception that the on-the-fly sensitivity change is a joke, it's inaccurate and mid-game, specially during an FPS, will take precious seconds of your time to adjust it [let's say high sens to mid when bailing out of a jet], plus the sensitivity change indicator will minimize the game [what a joke!]."
"I have really enjoyed using the G700 so far.  Before I list the pros and cons I wanted to point out a couple things that I was curious about before purchasing it.  The mouse uses one Eneloop rechargeable battery that lasts up to 4 days for me (till it is at red or dead).  The mouse can still run off the wireless receiver while it is charging; so if you have a usb power port on your surge protector or something, you can use that to charge the mouse and still use the mouse via the wireless receiver connected to your PC (this was a big deal for me).  At first I was unsure about the texture (sort of like plastic sandpaper) but I very quickly got used to it and the grip it provides makes it a plus.  The buttons do provide a nice distinct click; especially the left and right click but not so much the 4 thumb buttons.  The scroll wheel is great doing either hyper or normal scrolling and provides distinct clicks for both a down click and the left/right scroll clicks.  The two scroll functions are easily switched between with the small button right behind the scroll wheel, which is very handy.  I haven't used the other high end competitors so I can't compare, but I am a CIT student and am on a computer for at least several hours every day (includes gaming), so I know how important a great mouse is."
"I am not a gamer at all, I do not play any games with this mouse but I can tell you that it will significantly increase your productivity if used properly.  I own a large photography business where I do all kinds of tasks ranging from web design, photo editing to multiple Adobe Creative Suite applications.  Before this I used the MX1100 and I loved it but I wanted something with more programmable buttons."
"Performs as advertised. I have big hands and can easily access each button without looking at the mouse. They are easy to activate without touching the wrong button. Good ergonomic  design; feels great in my hand. One downside is that the rechargeable batteries only support aout 12 -14 hours of active use. This is much lower than what a regular set of batteries will provide for other wireless logitech computer mouse devices. Users will find themselves recharging often. When the batteries run out of juice, one has to wire the mouse to the PC with a USB cable (included); but can continue working immediately afterward with the mouse in ""wired form""."
"I am a former Razer DeathAdder and Logitech G7 owner. I had been putting off buying another mouse since I just bought the Razer about a year ago, but I finally gave in during the last sale and really wish I had done so sooner."
"I don't have a whole lot of experience with gaming mice as I've happily used a Logitech LX3 for a long time. It finally gave out and I decided to go with this G700 and very glad I did. The mouse is terrific, the buttons are well laid out, the shape and form make the device very comfortable to use and the dual nature makes it very versatile (corded/wireless). Battery time has actually been pretty good compared to other reviews I've read - I get a good 8-10 hours on Max Gaming profile setting when playing a mouse heavy game like Guild Wars 2. You can plug the cord in at any time and continue playing uninterrupted."
"I am an avid gamer- WoW, LoL, Diablo, Smite, etc.; however, my day job is a 3D BIM modeler for an architecture firm.  I have burnt through a number of performance mice, and I'm picky about a number of features.  This mouse is far and away the best one I have ever had.  I've owned it for about 3 months now and it has been attached to me at the hip.  I take it to work and it has made me more efficient.  I bring it home at night and it makes gaming much more enjoyable.  I highly recommend this mouse to gamers and computer graphics professionals alike."
"After a long love affair with my G5, I finally decided that it was time for an upgrade.  I wasn't sure that I'd ever find a mouse that I loved as much and held on to it for dear life.  As I am more of an MMO player instead of a FPS junkie, my review will not cover the DPI or any of the specific specs of the mouse, but more of the overall feel."
"I got the Logitech G700 wireless mouse and am very happy. It turns out to have solved nearly all of my laptop unhappiness. I still hate the arrow keys, but I think pretty much everything else is fixed by using this mouse."
"I purchased this mouse due to my MX1000 slowly dying. I'm pretty loyal to Logitech, I have had my MX1000 for the past 5 years and wished it would go 5 more and have owned several other products including the G110 and the X-540. So please understand this review comes from a pretty die-hard Logitech fan. I'm only going to put the things that caused me to return it. As a whole, the mouse was solid."
Mouse is comfortable and has alot of buttons. Unfortunately I'm unable to use them for gaming due to Setpoint not recognizing the mouse. I've written support over a week ago but have gotten no response. I also tried the solutions listed in their FAQ section.
"Love the mouse, extra buttons were instantly appreciated.  Comfortable, accurate, nice.  One thing, I'm on the computer 8-10 hours a day and even on Power Save mode and Low polling, this thing killed the battery DAILY!  No excuse in my mind for this.  My Nano would last for weeks."
"I'm not a gaming mouse expert at all. I actually just sort of caught up to pc gaming. I had been using an older Dell Inspiron that couldn't run jack. I recently purchased an Alienware M11x and just now getting reacquainted to PC gaming. I used the Logitech VX Nano for about two years. That mouse is also amazing (highly recommend it if you're not a gamer), but it's not so good for gaming. It was also a little small for my hand. I decided to bite on the G700 and below are my impressions."
I love this mouse - it is a really good one. But I also HATE it at the same time due to extremely poor battery life. Unless you plan to have charger ready and couple extra rechargeable batteries - buy some other mouse. I use this one for office only - it is a nice mouse but there must be something wrong with electronics or firmware - it reports critical level of a battery for a very short time (couple hours; office use with battery saving mode ~24-36 hours). Even this mouse reports the battery being critically low it is actually good to go for some other mouse at least for next 15-30 days.
"I had been searching for a hybrid wireless/wired gaming mouse for awhile that didn't require disposable batteries, and had almost given up, when I finally stumbled upon the G700 from Logitech. I've had this mouse for a solid 4 months, and I must say it's the best mouse I've ever used. I used to own a couple Razer mice and although they were nice, they don't hold a candle to Logitech mice in terms of reliability, comfort, and a few other aspects. I'll try to cover all of the pros/cons in this review, so hopefully you get a better idea of this mouse:"
"First of all, let me make this perfectly clear. I do not own this mouse yet though I do plan on purchasing one tomorrow. My friend owns one though and has let me use it on few occasion. It is a superb mouse."
"I simply love this mouse. It is good for everything. Gaming, office work, web surfing etc etc... it does it all."
"Previously, I was using a Razer Mamba (two of them actually, one for me and one for my fiance). Those mice, regardless of firmware, always had problems with losing connection for a split second or the mouse jumping across the screen. I even had the mouse right next to the docking station/wireless antenna and it still had the problems."
"This mouse is the best mouse I've ever used hands down. I own the MX performance, G9x and G500."
"Let's start off with the good. Ergonomically speaking, this mouse is super comfortable and fits in your hand quite nicely. The extra buttons are laid out intuitively. Despite having so many buttons, you're never going to find yourself lost trying to find, say, button G10 when you need it. SetPoint is actually pretty nice with this mouse (which is the first time I've owned a Logitech mouse with decent software to accompany it). The ability to automatically switch profiles based on the game/application you're using is fantastic. The exterial materials feel solid, not cheap (except for the additional buttons on top of the mouse - more on that later). The battery life is decent, even though the battery meter is extremely inaccurate (also, more on that later). The weight of the mouse is just right for a wireless mouse - not too heavy, not too light, nicely-balanced. This mouse supports extremely high DPI settings, so if there's ever a sensitivity setting you need, this mouse has you covered. The ability to plug the mouse in for charging on the fly is also an extremely welcome feature. It also switches from wireless to USB connectivity when doing this, though I'm unconvinced of the necessity of this, as wireless performance is spot-on. Never any noticeable lag, extremely accurate, and a very limited lag when waking the mouse up after it's idled for a while."
There was a time when buying a mouse meant buying Logitech but going forward I will be looking at other product lines. The battery life is very poor - a couple hours - effectively you are buying a corded mouse as it is always plugged in. The software is clumsy and over burdened with unneeded features that make setting up for any game or application a tiresome burden.
"I purchased this mouse when it came up as a gold box special because my old Wave Pro combo was getting kinda long in the tooth.  This mouse feels a lot like the MX1100 that was part of that combo, except instead of the rubbery grip surfaces, this mouse has a roughened grip.  It feels a little bit odd, but I like it better than the previous relatively smooth rubber."
"Great Mouse, Love the fact it has a rechargeable battery, and the USB is the charger. Mouse is responsive on every surface i have used it. Bought it for work so i can program excel and other program shortcuts for the buttons, and now I'm so use to it I had to get one for my home computer."
"Let's start buy emphasizing this is a ""gaming"" mouse. If you only browse the internet and play facebook games you may want to consider something cheaper. I have used several high-end gaming mice in the past and this is one of my favorites, but it does have a fairly high price-tag."
"Mouse is technically a wireless mouse, but if you're a gamer, the battery, even though it comes with a great AA Sanyo Rechargeable battery, it doesn't last very much. At first, a few days, then less than a day as your battery ages."
