Update 5/8/12:
"I bought the HT-3400 last year and it is virtually identical to this one. I had an initial failure within 3 days and had to get it replaced and so far this one is working, however Onkyo's quality is nowhere what it used to be. I liked the set up in the beginning because it was such an improvement over the tiny speakers that came with my TV, however over time I came to realize that much was lacking. What was lacking was a direct result of the low-end speakers that came with the system. It is difficult to expect 3 1/4 inch speakers to reproduce a lot of high quality sound. Even though they're listed as having a frequency response of 80 - 20 KHz they don't mention being measured at + or - 3 Db, which is the commonly accepted standard."
"I bought this a few days ago while it was $280.  I received it yesterday and set it up.  So far, I am very happy with this system. For the price, you can't go wrong.  I really like the Iphone/Ipod support.  You can control your music with the remote as well as see the songs/albums/etc on the receiver.  It also charges through the USB. One thing to note is that the receiver gets hot.  I have mine located in an entertainment center cabinet, so I keep the doors open while it is on.  I think I will also buy a little fan to get some airflow just to be on the safe side.  I cannot speak for reliability yet, as I have only had it for 1 day, but I will try to update my review once I have owned it for a while."
I once sold Onkyo tape decks and receivers back in the 80's at Sounds Great Inc in Amherst NY. They were the best made electronic components far surpassing Yamaha and Sony back in the day. However I was leary after reading all the complaints about the HTS 3400. However I took a gamble on the HTS 3500 after reading all positive reviews. I am now adding to that list of reviews. This receiver absolutely rocks my floor. It was easy to set up - easy to understand (however some functions I had to look up on the web as my tech talk has fallen behind a bit). Overall - it is a great receiver and I couldn't be happier with the sound. I would recommend it over the BOSE system using the same receiver - (BJ's and Costco sell that system). Speakers are slightly larger in size (and sound) than the BOSE system - but I'll deal with the extra 4 inches of cabinet and pocket the extra $500. Thanks Onkyo - you truly rock my world!
"I received my Onkyo HT-S3500 today through one-day Prime delivery in order to use it with my new LG 3D TV. When the TV arrived, I was sad to see that my old Philips sound system couldn't be connected to it (oh, the days of analog audio outs), but this system actually makes me wish I had switched much earlier. Here is a review broken down into steps. Please keep in mind, I have only owned this unit for one day, but will update my review after a few weeks of testing it out!"
"I don't write reviews too often, but I was stuck between this and the Sony model priced very similar. I am extremely glad I went for this, the build quality is fantastic, it is very user friendly! My only complain is that the receiver gets VERY HOT! I am not sure why they did not put some sort of fan in the back too ventilate the air but it almost burns when you touch it (granted mine is not in a very good spot right now)."
"I did a good amount of research prior to purchasing this home theater system and after about 3 months with it, I have no complaints. It's by no means the best sound system out there but if you're looking for an upgrade from your TV's built in speakers, are on a budget, and want to take your movie, game, and tv-watching experience to the next level, I don't think you can go wrong with this system."
THE SPEAKERS:
I recently purchased this system and can honestly say that I am pleased with this purchase. Although I opted to use the Super Saver shipping the item arrived in just 4 days.  Setup was simple and the sound is fantastic for the price.  I previously had a Samsumg DVD/Home Theatre in a box that costs more yet the pales in comparison to this system.  My only recommendation is that you purchase separate speaker wire...it should come as no surprise that the speaker wire that came with the system is less than spectacular.
"I usually don't write reviews but I felt like I had to for this product.  This system is more than I could ever imagine.  I am a first time buyer of a product like this and I would recommend it to anyone.  Set up was very easy, all you have to do is match the color coordinated wires with the correct speaker.  Initial set up was also a breeze. I have a decent sized home and when you turn this system on you can hear the music throughout the house, which I think is very awesome.  Bass is great also.  When using it with a movie you can hear things that you never heard before and you've watch the movie a thousand times.  And best of all the price was unbeatable!!!  If anyone is thinking of purchasing this product I would say......Just do it, you won't regret it!!"
Great Home Theater System
"Picked this up on Amazon for two fifty. While there are better HTIB systems out there, and better speaker systems that could be paired up with better receivers, I'm confident in saying they will be nowhere near this price range. The speakers are crisp, the subwoofer (if properly placed) is warm and fills the room without overpowering the rest of the audio. You can hook up a ridiculous amount of components to the receiver - currently I only have a blu-ray player, occasionally a tablet, occasionally a flipcam and (don't laugh) a VCR, but eventually there will be a cable box in this room again, and/or maybe a roku, so being able to connect up to 4 components via HDMI and have one output to the TV is awesome. There's no multi-band equalizer, just subwoofer and separate bass/treble controls and some preset sound designs, but it's enough. MP3s do indeed sound rich, the stuff compressed at a higher rate sounds as good as the CDs and the stuff compressed at a ridiculous low rate (for example, some of the internet radio stations played through"
"I've owned this system for about 6 months now, use it every day to watch TV.  I purchased it when I moved into a townhouse, where my former Philips Sonowave just wasn't cutting it.  The Sonowave was good for a bedroom setting but was WAY underpowered for the townhouse setting."
I love movies and wanted to be able to fully experience them in my own home.  This system is great!  The sound is perfect and I couldn't have asked for anything better.
"This is my first surround system, and it's great....well, great-ish. I wish that you could have a bit more control over the center channel, but other than that, this system is great. I've heard lines in movies that I didn't even know were in the movie, and I've been able to understand lines that I couldn't make out before. The speakers are a bit cheap feeling, but in a mid-level system like this, that's to be expected. I suppose that you could get better quality ones, but for what I need this system to do, they're alright. The surround is great. For instance, in Back To The Future, at the end is a helicopter that's flying around the town square. It sounded like it flew right around behind me. It was great. And the T-Rex attack scene and the Gallamimus stampede scene in Jurassic Park are incredible. If you're just getting into the whole home theater scene, this is the perfect system to pick up."
"Great big sound for a small to medium room.  Set up was fast and easy.  It took a little tinkering around to get the sound right, but that's to be expected.  So far I've tested it with Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, and a few episodes of Star Trek: The Next Generation on Blu Ray.  I am very impressed, the sound is HUGE for such small speakers, and I personally feel like it offers plenty of bass.  I've seen others say that the bass could be better.  I don't know if that's because they are using these in large rooms or they don't have a floor that is conductive of bass.  I live in a basement and it's normally quite easy for anybody upstairs to hear the sound right through the floor (my ceiling) but with this thing it feels like the room is filled with sound, but nobody upstairs seems to notice."
"For the money, this system was perfect. It is true on the smell, but after a couple days the smell had basically gone away. It's very easy to set up.  It's perfect for a small or medium size living room, but you'll have to get longer wire.  My only advice is that you really need to go through the menu and make sure you set the sound up to your liking, otherwise you won't be as happy with it.  It took me a few days to figure out exactly how i wanted it set up and sounding. Once i got that figured out through the settings which is very easy.  I haven't regretted this purchase, and my wife who never has cared for my electronics.... LOVES this system. Great system!"
"This system ROCKS! We got it for our Roku, and aside from a few slight annoyances with the setup, it works and sounds awesome. It works very well for our living room and my wife can now hear the movies instead of asking me what they said all the time. I would like to point out for some people that the HDMI output to the TV is only for the HDMI inputs and not ""One port to rule them all"". If you use a component device with the red, blue and green plugs (us: older DVD player) you need to have a set run from component out to the component in on the TV. Same goes with the RCA style (red, yellow, white) to get video on that. I was very disappointed that I couldn't just run one HDMI to the TV and be done with it."
"This is actually my first review for a product I bought through Amazon, but since I am highly satisfied with my purchase I would like to share my input on this product."
"I've had this for about 4-5 months now. It provides very good sound and bass, and just enough HDMI connections for what I need."
"I didn't fully know what to expect when I ordered this low-cost system. I am absolutely amazed at the full sound and high quality of these speakers. I am using this system in theater room that is 20' x 25' and it fills the room at half volume. The bass can be heard at the neighbor's house and it makes me feel like I am really at the theater. It is not intended for audiophile music sessions and while music sounds ok, it is not the best, but it really shines for cinema soundtracks and dialog. I used to have a $5000 Definitive Technologies 5.1 set up, and while it is unfair to compare the two, I get almost as much satisfaction with this small set-up, and the bang for the buck does not even compare, with this system really delivering for the price."
I bought it last week. I love the powerful subwoofer.
"I was thoroughly impressed over the ONKYO s3500.  My house was prewired when I moved in and the system was a snap to setup. I have read some of the other feedback reviews, and don't understand what some of the issues were.  For the price, comparison, and features opposed to other systems, this one is spot on.  There is plenty of power, and the acoustics of the systems are great.  My basement where all of the gaming and television watching happens, is rather large, and this system never, NEVER seems under powered.  It's great to be playing Battlefield II and hearing ""virtual people"" behind me.  The subwoofer is great.  I don't see the need to have a powered subwoofer as this one puts out plenty of bass."
"This is a great package for a great price. The set up was about as easy as I could imagine it could be and with multiple HDMI connections on the back it makes connections as well as future upgrade/replacements a snap. The only negative ive found was that mounting the rear speakers on speaker stands was a little challenging as the holes on the back of the speakers were a little tight. this was not enough for me to lower the 5 stars by any means, i simply ordered some mounting screws."
This is the best surround sound system I have ever had. The setup wasn't very simple but once I got it all setup it was great!
"I've owned other home theater systems in the past and this system sounds just as good or not better than most expensive set ups.  For the price you really can't beat it.  The sub really brings out the lows in what ever you are watching or listening to.  The system is not huge and is very easy to work into what ever space you set it up in.  If you are looking for a great sounding system with HD audio and video capability at a low price, Onkyo is the way to go."
This system is an excellent purchase at $250. The set up was easy and the settings in the reciever were easy to find and adjust. I would recomend this to anyone.
"For all you audiophiles, please search for something else. But for other ordinary folks who expect a nice surround sound home theater package with a receiver within a budget of $300, this is the number one choice. I have had this for a week now and it is lovely. Change the settings as per distance and optimize the position of speakers, then you're all set."
"I purchased this for one of my conference rooms at the office. The speakers are fairly light weight and plastic, but given the price I suppose this was to be expected."
I bought the Onkyo HT - S3500 after doing some research and following the reviews over the past few months. I got it last week and couldn't be happier with the product. Here's a summary of some pros and cons:
"You have a ton of connections to choose from. HDMI, Component and composite. whatever way you connect to the tv you have to use those connections. If you connect Hdmi to your Tv, you use the Hdmi inputs on the receiver. If you connect component to tv, then you use the component input on the receiver and so on. The speakers feel solid, the bass you can go up +12 or down -12 in DB. You can feel it on the floor. I keep my settings on All Channel stereo most of the time for the 5.1 sound. You have a ton of soud options to choose. There is no upconversion on yhis receiver."
PROS:
This sounds better than you could possibly expect for a system at this price.  We installed it because it was a nice cheap all in one box for a vacation rental home.  I like it so much that I will get another for the den.  You need to adjust it (the subwoofer was set ridiculously high) but generally you plug it in and it works great.  Audiophile sound?  No - but at the price it is unbeatable for sound quality and feature set.
"I purchased this product and when I tried it, I have to tell you that the sound is excellent, specially for this price. the downside is that the receiver gets hot, I still don't know if this is normal but over all I have to say that I am really enjoying the excellent sound while I am listening to music or watching movies etc... you wont regret it if you purchase this product..."
"My 4 year old son thinks the ""Oink-O"" system is very pretty. This was purchased to solve the dilemma of too much HDMI and not enough inputs on the television. Also I had wanted a 5.1 or 7.1 system for a while but had neither the space, money or patience to build a heavy duty system piece by piece.. The image quality of the BR and the Samsung HDTV we have is great. The sound? not so much. Solved that problem in less than 30 minutes. The ""handshake"" between components was perfect. The setup was easy and self explanatory. Plug in the speakers, plug in the components, adjust the levels, enjoy. I have not noticed the heat issue noted by some reviewers, but I haven't pushed it very hard since delivery. This is, so far, a fantastic deal. For an entry level surround system, I don't know if there is much more anyone could ask for. I am not the most technically demanding audiophile, but the sound is crisp and clean. The low end is punchy and subtle. For someone who wants surround but doesn't need to knock the pictures off the wall when they watch The Dark Knight Rises or Jurassic Park on bluray, I would highly recommend this set. I just hope I don't have to come back in a year and edit this down to fewer than the 5 stars i give it today."
This surround sound is great! I love it! It works beautifully with my PS3 especailly when watching 3D movies on it. It's worth every penny!
"Casual home user, not a musician or some other specialist. I had a Sony 5.1 before, which was very good to me also."
"This system has an outstanding audio quality and many options to connect all my audio devices, including my ipod/iphone/ipad. I set it up in a room that is about 27 x 35 ft with the rear speakers a little over halfway on the long side of the room and I get an excellent sound quality. Dolby and DTS audio reproduces flawlessly, you can hear a pin drop while there's an explosion on the background."
"So much better than TV sound.  Have not had the ""over"" heating problems others describe, but mine is in the open so air can circulate.  Amp produces clean sound.  Connections are straightforward.  no phono input.  Sub is sufficient and not muddy in my hardwood floor living room, 4 chairs, one couch.  Surround speakers are weak.  Center speaker is sufficient.  Take the time to ""tune"" the speaker distances and adjust frequencies.  Speaker wire insufficient - go thicker (At least for sub). Upgrade your little speakers as $$ permit.  Better sound than a lot of more expensive systems.  Onkyo may not be the higher end product line they used to be, but it's still way better than most of the garbage out there.  Buy it."
"We were questioning whether or not to purchase this home theater system due to the price (being cheap for what you got).  We have other Onkyo components in our home and are very good quality.  So, we thought we'd give it a try.  We hooked it up and was very impressed with the sound quality."
