This headset is the closest to perfect I've used.
"I have owned many bluetooth headsets over the years so here is my opinion of the Plantronics M50 in comparison. First of all this headset can stream music or podcasts from your smart phone which none of my previous headsets could do. It also has built-in noise reduction to reduce or eliminate background noise like wind, rain, traffic or music. It has voice alerts that tell you the battery level, volume level, talk time and more. It has a special battery meter that will show up on your screen if you have an iPhone."
"This is a cute BT headset that is very lightweight.  It pairs very easily with Skype (as long as you have a BT adapter).  The standby time is about 16 hr, and I've had a conversation lasting +5 hours straight on this thing with no problems.  I've paired it with my computer and phone, and there have been no problems at all.  The pairing is very easy."
"Over the years I have used numerous Bluetooth headsets. As I write this review, this product is not yet available at the retail Amazon site but I was sent this for free to review. That's why I cannot comment about its price and compare its value with other headsets that I have used."
The Goods - - this is a very intuitive product.  easy operation.  easy set up.  it fits well and stays put.  battery life is excellent.
"This bluetooth headset is a solid, everyday headset that performs well and is very comfortable."
"I bought this bluetooth earpiece to use with an iPhone 3Gs while on a business trip and have been very impressed!  Setup was truly a snap, taking about a minute to complete by just following the directions included.  Unlike many other earpieces I've owned, this one links up every time I turn it on without fail, and does so very quickly.  The in ear voice prompts to let you know the status of the earpiece (charge, connection, etc.) are very nice and compliment the on screen battery life indicator.  I used this earpiece with the MapQuest navigation app on my iPhone for directions and found that it worked very well for that also.  Making calls was simple, and everyone I spoke to said the voice quality was excellent, even when I was driving on rough roads or working outside in a windy environment.  The earpiece fully charges in under two hours, and holds its charge for a very long period of time.  I have been using it intermittently for over a week now and have only charged it one time.  Finally, putting it on and off is easy, and I found that this is the ONLY earpiece that I could comfortably wear for hours at a time without my ear becoming irritated!  This is the primary reason I ditched many of my previous headsets (Jabra, Jawbone, etc.  You may have to adjust it around a bit to find the optimal position for your ear, but once you do, it stays put and is very comfortable.  Overall, this is an exceptional value for the money and I would recommend it to anyone in need of a good, basic bluetooth earpiece."
"I have went through various headsets. Presently I am rotating between a Jabra Wave and a Motorols HX-1. Both have superior reception, sound, and battery life. BUT, with me working in the field and receiving numerous calls I have to rotate ears as well. Not with the M50. When I first put it in my ear I was thinking the sound is going to stink. Mostly because it does not jam in your ear like my other 2. I have to remind myself to take it out and leave in the car. I usually realize it is still in when I change out of my work attire. The sound ingoing and outgoing is great. I have it paired with 2 phones. My work and personal and transfers between the 2 nicely. For the price it is an excellent accessory."
"Everyone should own this bluetooth! I worked at a cellphone store for about three years, and I've probably used over 45 different bluetooths (Motorolla, Plantronics, Bose (too expensive), Jabra, Sony, etc). This Bluetooth is the best Bluetooth I've owned. It has an awesome stand-bye time. 11 hours of talk time, which is great (nobody spends more then 11 hours on their phone a day). Charge the bluetooth at night when you charge your phone, and you should never run out of battery. Although there are many pro's to this Bluetooth every item has a Con. I'll list them:"
"Purchased this because of the good results I had with my older Plantronics Explorer 233.  Used that with an HTC Tilt2 for years with no complaints from me or those I used it to speak with.  Got a new work phone (HTC Incredible 2), so that put me in the market for another earpiece."
"I have an iphone 4s and this my first bluetooth headset so I don't have anything to compare it to.  I actually purchased this at BestBuy because I had giftcards but for the price, this thing is pretty cool and it works perfectly with Siri.  I made a few calls and sent a few text messages with no problems at all through Siri and everyone said they could hear me fine as well.  I wasn't expecting to be able to listen to podcasts or music/pandora through it so that's kind of a bonus... except it's no fun listening to things through just one ear.  But all in all, the quality of use has been excellent. I do agree with another review that I wish this came with some kinda pouch to put it in while I'm not using it but oh well, the price more than makes up for it, especially through Amazon.  I haven't been wearing it long at all but it seems really comfortable.  I don't have any urget to take it off so I guess that's a good sign.  I'll be sure to update if I run into any problems along the way.  So far, I highly recommend it if you don't want to spend a ton of money."
"I ordered this product, primarily based on reviews, however after I got it, no one wanted to talk to me while I was using it. If I wanted to use this earpiece while talking to my husband as he drove to work, I had to sit on the sofa and not move. Anything I did, any noise around me that I generated, was so loud he couldn't stand it. Somehow, it amplified everything to the point of pain for the person on the other end. Running water sounded as though I had a high powered spray aimed at the microphone, or putting a trash bag in the can was equal to crumpling paper in someone's ear."
"I can't add much more positive comments than what's already been said about this headset, but I was surprised at how comfortable it was in my ear.  I am very picky about anything going into my ear, like headsets and earbuds.  I had some initial difficulty getting the blue plastic hook adjusted and having long hair makes the task a little bit harder to accomplish.  But once I had it comfortably attached to my ear I actually forgot I was wearing it.  I got a call and it scared the snot out of me because it's been a long time since I last used a Bluetooth headset and was not expecting the incoming call.  I can see how people could wear these into the shower accidentally.  I first thought the hook hinge was flimsy but I took a closer look at it and it seems to be well-built, sturdy hinge so I'm not too worried about breaking it off."
"This product worked pretty well for about 1 month, just long enough to run out the return policy limit of 30 days. One day, with no reason that I can find out so far, it just stopped connecting to my cell phone. It still turns on and the little voice says that the battery is high but after trying everything in the manual for both my phone and the bluetooth I have still not been able to use the device. This is very frustrating because it broke literally 3 days after the 30 day limit on returning it. While it did work, it was a good product but people on the other end of the line did often have a hard time hearing me. So while I may have just gotten a lemon, I would advise anyone getting this product to keep all the packaging and watch that 30 day deadline."
"I'm very pleased with the M50. The sound is clear on my end, and when I don't ask the person on the other end of my line how it sounds, there doesn't seem to be any trouble hearing anything."
"I have had a Plantronis headset for years and loved it.  When it was time to replace it I did not hesitate to buy another one, based on the price and reviews I picked the M50.  Initially I was impressed with its ability to pair with both my laptop and iPhone at the same time and also to stream music.  However...."
"Got the Plantronics M50 bluetooth headset for an iPhone 5.  It received stellar reviews here on Amazon so I thought it was an easy buy also considering the price.  I liked the fact that it had a sliding on/off switch which makes it easier to use and that you can also listen to music from your phone on it.  It synced easily with my phone and it had the added benefit of a battery charge meter displayed on my phone.  But the problem came when I used Siri to make a phone call.  After tell it to call my other phone, Siri would just hang there as if it was still waiting for me to finish a command.  I would have to press the Siri button on the phone in order to let it know that I had completed my request.  I tested it out on my other phone, an iPhone 4s, and it did the same exact thing.  Looking into the Plantronics forum, it seems there are others experiencing the same thing I am.  A Plantronics customer service person said that the bluetooth headset was looking for silence in order to determine when the person stopped talking and that when there's a lot of background noise (like in a car for instance) that the unit wouldn't know when to end it.  Didn't work for me cause after I read that, I used it again to ask Siri to call someone and then I covered the microphone in my hand in order to prevent any other sounds from disrupting it (also I was in a room by myself) but still the unit didn't complete the command.  I am returning the unit and looking for another one, probably not from Plantronics."
"I bought two of these for use with my HTC One X phones, and am very disappointed.  While I can hear people and music great, when I try to talk to people on the phone they always complain and cannot hear/understand me.  The same happens with my wife's phone."
"Ok, i love the fit of this product.  it's very comfortable.  the only problem i have with it is it constantly disconnects itself from my phone, in the middle of use.  it's quite annoying.  i've done some research to see if it's my phone or the bluetooth and can't seem to figure this one out.  as far as this bluetooth is concerned, i love it, despite my issues."
Pros
Well this is my first Bluetooth headset I got. The main reason I got this was because my gf (now wife) lived 4 hours away. We would spend countless hours on phone and it was pretty tiring holding the phone to my ear while trying to get some chores done.
"After a short charge I had this headsest connected and ready to go in a matter of seconds. It is easy enough I didn't need to read the instructions even though I've never set up a bluetooth before. Overall, the sound quality is great, even for streaming music, the buttons are intuitive, and the battery life seems great-it's been about two weeks and it is still listing as ""battery high"" when I turn it on. I should mention that I'm not a heavy phone user, but I have an hour commute and use it then for any phone calls I may get. It is very comfortable and I often forget I'm wearing it and it easily converts from left ear to right ear."
"I don't have a lot to add to the audio quality and ease of use of the PLT M50.  I affirm what has already been said--it is a simple, adequate, and efficient device."
I've owned many bluetooth headsets over the years -- the
"I bought this headset because of the great reviews, but honestly, I wasn't expecting much.  I've owned a Plantronics headset before and found it very uncomfortable.  Well what a great surprise!  The M50 is very comfortable, the sound is clear, and the battery life is excellent.  The only reason I gave if four stars instead of five is that the max volume isn't quite loud enough sometimes.  But it's not enough of a complaint to prevent me from rating this headset very highly.  I definitely recommend it if you're looking for something comfortable that has excellent sound quality."
"This product has so far impressed me. The battery so far has lasted all day long with moderate music/podcast listening. The audio quality is good for podcast and acceptable for music. Phone voice quality is good. The device is confortable in the ear. Instead of beeps and boops, for the most part, it tells you that it is connected or pairing or shutting off in plain english which i like.  I like the fact that it has a real on/ off switch but don't really like the  volume rocker since it is hard to tell where your finger is on the volume rocker.  The  call connect/ disconnect  is very easy to hit by accident."
"After reading other reviews and seeing a 4+ stars rating, I was excited to see this Plantronics M50 for a good price. I am sorely disappointed though after only about 1-2 hours of use. The reception in my ear is full of static. The volume control is touchy and doesn't get very loud. I just had a conversation on this Bluetooth where I had to pull over and stop the car so I could hear the conversation I was having! On the same note, after a 5 minute conversation with my wife she said ""I'm just going to let you hang up...I can hear all the noise around you and it's driving me crazy"" , so you can forget walking into the grocery store with this bluetooth on. Thats my experience so far, so the Bluetooth goes back to amazon and I keep shopping. Maybe"
Works reasonably well. Wanted a bluetooth that could connect to two phones and this fits the bill. Very easy to connect and if you are using it with an iphone the phone also displays the battery information of the headset. One problem that i face is that it does not have a long range and i have to be closer to the phone coz if i am not the voice quality drops considerably. Must also mention that it is really comfortable to wear for a long time and you don't even realize that its on your ears.
""
"I have aborted attempts at using a bluetooth headset with my cell phone in the past, because I found them uncomfortable and didn't seem to be abe to manage another device to keep charged and was generally weary of others potentially being able to listen in.  The purchase of my first tablet (samsung galaxy tab 7.7) capable of making/receiving phone calls motivated me to give it another try.  I could hardly be more pleased with this headset. Very comfortable, clear sound quality everywhere in my house and excellent battery life.  It would get one more star, if the charger consisted of a plug with usb cable and wasn't this useless proprietary type.  I would much prefer being able to charge it through my laptop or tab as well. Nevertheless, highly recommended."
"I've paired this unit with my Samsung Galaxy S mobile phone, and the two function together seamlessly.  There is a bit of a bug that I can't quite figure out:  periodically, the Bluetooth volume on the phone is automatically reset down to near zero.  I'm not sure if this is the phone's fault or the headset's, and, while it doesn't happen often, it happens unpredictably though not on any particular schedule."
"First and foremost, this product is refurbished, not new.  Also, it did not come with the eargels that are in the new package, nor the additional earloop (only one earloop included).  Returned to Amazon since description did not indicate that the product was refurbished.  If you don't mind a refurbished headset, and if you can stand to wear the headset without eargels, this might be an item to consider."
"This is the best hands free device I have ever purchased. I love the volume, how it feels and that I can stream music on it. It is breaking rather quickly which is the only reason I give it 3 stars but I will probably just buy frequent replacements rather than use a different hands free device"
"Good product, but if you have an iPhone with Siri, be warned that Siri will not work with this headset.  She will respond when you hold the button for 2 seconds, but when you are finished with your command, she will not do anything.  On the other hand, for many of the most common things that you want to do with voice commands, like make a phone call or turn on your music, the work-around is to simply go to iPhone Settings and turn off Siri.  Then when you hold the headset button for 2 seconds, you will be connected to iPhone Voice Control which responds well to your voice commands through the headset."
"I read the reviews and while I was not a fan of going back to the ear loop it feels the same or lighter than both the Plantronics 925 & 975.  I have also had earlier Jawbone headsets and numerous others, but this latest one I think is the best so far.  I am using it on my Motorola Razr Maxx and the nice thing is the easily accessible on/off switch that instantly connects to the phone when turned on and you push the side to connect the call.  It also works for music and navigating streaming which is not possible with the previous headsets I have owned."
"If this had worked as described, I would have loved it. I really, really want one, because when it worked, it was great."
"This is the best headset that I have ever owned and I have owned several over the years that were made by many different manufacturers.  The Plantronics M50 is very comfortable.  The fit is superb and snug and is does not wobble or dangle from my ear like my previous headsets.  I have worn the headset all day and often forget that it is in place.  The constructive materials are first rate.  Once paired with my smartphone, the M50 instantly connects and disconnects with the slide of a single button.  Further, sound quality is great and the noise reduction is excellent.  Further, the headset alerts you when you walk too far away from the smartphone.  I would highly recommend this headset to anyone."
"I did lots of research on headsets especially for the iphone 4s using Siri,  i read a couple of reviews about the Plantronic M50 that it does work with Siri.  so i went ahead and bought at $24.99 not a huge gamble,  got it next day with amazon prime 2 day shipping,  that was a plus.  i charged it up even though it states you can use it right out of the box,  pairing was incredibly easy,  i paired it,  holding down the Plantronic M50 for 2 seconds you hear a series of tones than i hear the the Siri chirp i told her to send a text and she did, read last text she did it all through the M50,  bottom line it works great,  i highly recommend it and for the price you just cant go wrong.  hope this helps."
"Like others, I have owned many BT headsets over the years by various makers. Over the last few months I began looking for a good new Bluetooth unit as my last one finally died.  I tried expensive ones and sent them back, the biggest problem is callers not being able to hear me well. I had actually gone back to using a wired headset in my car."
"As laws get stricter on cell phone usage while driving, I started looking for a good bluetooth option.  I am currently carrying two phones because I currently have two jobs, so I thought I would try this one because it was supposed to work with two phones.  It does and does it amazingly well.  The instructions were simple and it only took a minute to pair both phones to the unit.  Now when I turn it on it tells me the battery level and within 5 seconds it tells me both phones have connected automatically.  If either phone rings I can answer it.  If I am on one of the phones and the other one rings, I can switch to answer the second one.  You can also set it to only connect to one of the phones.  Sound is very clear and it's reasonably comfortable to wear.  Overall an excellent product."
