"I had read all the negative reviews for this phone but the good ones out weighed the bad so I decided to give it a go. The unit I was sent was defective out of the box and I remembered all the people advising against it. I contacted amazon and they immediately sent out a new phone and gave me a ups label to return the defective one @ no extra cost. The second phone has been working perfectly and amazon's superior customer service took some of the sting off of getting a non working unit the first time. On an additional note, all those warnings of poor battery life, I've gotten the battery so far to go 36 to 40 hours btwn charges. over all it has been worth the price, just be sure to buy from amazon directly as you will then have the their guaranty backing you up."
"I always thought that iPhone is top of the game - I mean, Apple products usually are, right?"
"THe Phones Works Excelent, great speed, the cam get really great quality... Android + HTC sense is a nice interface... The only issue with the phone is the battery Life, but if you have a car charger and USB cable with you in the office you dont need to worry about it.... if ATT release the gingerbread update will be perfect!"
Overall I am very pleased with this phone. I purchased an HTC phone because I had the HTC Incredible and loved it and I wanted to stay with the same user interface. The only reason I purchased a new phone is that I am leaving Verizon and going to Straight Talk and they require a GSM phone.
I have it for two weeks and has been excellent.
"Got this phone last week, as a power-user and avid Android fan, I immediately rooted it and installed a Gingerbread ROM. It helped the battery a ton, and made the phone a lot better."
"It's been over two weeks now since I'm using it and haven't got any complaints about any thing yet. I'm using with T-Mobile 4G plan and it works quite fast. Though, the battery life isn't that good which I had an impression early on but still capable enough to support talk time for around 6 hours or so."
"It is a fast andriod phone with beautiful htc sences. More importantly, it can play flash video from websites. It is a great phone for me."
The specifications says: UNLOCKED
The item description says that is an unlocked phone but it's not. I have tried with 3 different companies and anybody could use it.
"The cell phone you will receive is a HTC Desire HD.  There are differences between both phones, mainly the Desire HD does NOT support 4G.  I was disappointed and upset when I found owas out that I deceived.  The correct model number for an Inspire is PD98120."
"Quite impressed with this.  The hardware is thin and light and feels solid.  The screen is great.  The touchscreen is responsive.  The CPU is fast.  With some effort you can install Cyanogen on it, to get rid of the awful HTC operating system, malware, bloatware, spyware and crapware.  In the very few moments I had this phone before deleting the HTC stock ROM, I did observe about fifty apps on it that are all crapware that it doesn't let you delete, so unless you like crapware or are planning to install Cyanogen, you might want to consider another phone.  I have not used it except under Cyanogen so other users may have a different experience.  One note on the seller, it's really slow to ship.  The site said it's in stock but it took over a week to ship it, even though I ordered next day delivery."
"I owned this phone for about a year with NO PROBLEMS. And I purchased it used from a friend who like me, upgrades often. I upgrade my phones often as I am a techie and have to have the latest phone/tablet, etc. Here is my detailed review, and I hope that it will help you make a good decision if you need a great smartphone at this great price!"
"This is an amazing phone.  By far the best phone I have ever had.  Easy to use, great camera, I have had no issues with battery life.  However, I also make sure I have my charger all the time."
"This phone has great specs for most users who do not need the latest, fastest, dual-core hype.  I am very happy with this phone for reasons others have mentioned."
"I bought this phone last Friday.It is so good.Big microphone,big touch screen.The HTC sence is pretty good.I can't use my word to describe this phone.My friend thought this phone better than iphone4.That was true.If you want to buy a big touch screen phone and do not want to buy a expensive phone.This one is good.I suggest you buy a battery after you buy this phone because it's a big phone."
"It doesn't comes unlocked. You will need to call or send a mail to Wireless Experts, so they will send you an unlock code."
"Sep 21 I ordered for the first time, Sep 27 arrived a used and broken one. I mailed back and required a new one, and the customer service contacted me only when i wrote review for them through amazon. Oct 3 arrived the second one which could never be fully charged after 8 hours charging. Also the 8G MicroSD card was missing. I mailed them back again and wrote a review on amazon. The customer service person asked me to delete my review and promised me they would send me a new phone with 8G MicroSD card as soon as possible. But they just gave me an empty tracking number and kept me waiting. Finally on Oct15 the last phone came but it was 5 days later then showed on the empty tracking number and they only gave me a 4G card!!!!! I could not believe this! After a month waiting and wasting my time on negotiating with them, while missing a lot of phones/ text and paying for my phone plan, I payed a lot to trust them again and again. So I askd them for an 30% amount of refund, which is resonable for any other companies I ever bought stuff at. But the costumer service who contacted me for a month said she could not handle this amount and forwarded my case to a bigger manager. And it has been a month now no one replys me!!!!!! I am very angry abou this!!!! NEVER buy phone in this company! They will bring you much trouble!!!!!!"
"This phone has one of the biggest screens on the market right now, which is great if you surf the web mainly on your phone. 5 stars there. It's also my first smart phone I've owned, and I'm pretty biased towards the Android market; I have no plans of ever owning an iPhone. With that said, there are a few minor things that I have no doubt HTC will be able to upgrade in the future."
Good device and in great shape but they probably should have removed the old data from the device before selling it again. I had photos and videos of someone else on the phone when I received it.
"Dont buy this, its unreliable i couldnt beleive this phone would fail with in 4 months, and the customer support is rude and ridicules"
"I was very excited when I got this device, but after start using it, I got very disappointed. This phone was listed as NEW but it was obvious that it was a refubished phone. Additionally, I only received the phone, battery, and charger, NO MicroSD memory card or microphone/earphone were received with the shipment. I had to have a charger constantly on me to get through the day. The phone froze up constantly, making me have to remove the battery and insert it again in order to make it boot up again, the camara doesn't work and almost all programs foreclose. I live in Venezuela so I can't return this product. I hope it helps future buyers to think twice before getting this phone. Bad experience for me."
"I had this phone on May, 17th and it was advertised as Unlocked in Amazon.com but it is not unlocked. It is just At&t; regular phone which is given free when you had contract."
"I received the htc Inspire 4G phone early March 2012. The phone looked good, but I didn't have an opportunity to"
I bought this phone to replace an old one I had. Even though it has outdated software; it does work great and does what is expected from it. I bought it as new and I received it in new conditions. Already slipped in the sim card and programmed the new network setting to receive data and thats it...phone works great! So if you are looking for an inexpensive but worth your bucks android phone...then this is it....thank you...
"This phone, simply put, is not worth it's weight in plastic. For the price and its touted features, it falls vastly short of other products which will deliver a much more enjoyable experience. It is glitchy, constantly turning itself off in the middle of browsing, texting, or videos. It is incredibly slow for the processor it has. The texting is incredibly glitchy as well; mis-types, and buttons not functioning the same way all the time make this phone a better paper weight. I should have kept my Blackjack 2."
"excellent product, is a cell phone that has everything, and the system is perfect, is made of durable material is easy for me to handle, is thin and pretty, is quick to navigate and download applications, the camera is good, I would like the battery will last longer."
Have had the phone for about a month and it runs flawlessly from browsing the web to playing the occasional games.  Htc's sense UI puts a nice touch on android.  Only complaints are battery life and the speaker phone isn't very loud.  The update to gingerbread seems to help the battery life some but still keep a charger or extra battery handy if your a heavy user. I really recommend this phone if your looking for well preforming android phone at a good price.
The phone says its unlocked but when I received it. It clearly was not. Will be returning it. I am so disappointed .
This phone is fabulous. It is clean and came in with great working condition. We got great accessories with the phone. Alex is so wonderful and he has great customer skills. Such a great and caring person.
"This is a great phone on a whole, but there's a HUGE problem with this device. It's a common problem really.. The phone restarts anytime I start it up and unlock it. It only works when it's charging and there is no SIM in it. I looked up some solutions and some people say to install a theme to replace HTC Sense UI. The restarting stopped for like 1 day and then started again. It can only stay on long on a FULL battery for like 30 minutes and then it does the restarting loop. I consulted a technician and he said the problem is common and it's a hardware problem. I will be returning this phone on Monday hoping to get a refund. DO. NOT. BUY. THIS."
"This was an amazing phone in all but 2 ways. No matter which one we used, no micro SD card would work on this phone, which is sad because a good majority of the phone's functions need one. Secondly, the connection to 4G was shaky. Its ability to remain connected to WiFi wasn't stellar, either. If the phone didn't have these complications. you would have yourself an excellent phone."
"was very excited when I got it. Worked well for the first week, then second week, stopped hearing when i made a call, then began telling me insert a sim card when the sim card was there. Disappointed big time"
"This mobile was delivered to me in good time, In good condition, Unlocked it was I use it overseas and have no issues.  I just placed a local store bought Sim card."
"this product suddenly will not recognize any sim card  which means is not unlock and will not even work with at&t; service which I have to subscribe for in other to use the phone since it fail to work with other gsm phone services. sad to say the least, will not work with at&t;  either. I try to unlock it and will not unlock .I don't know if amazon seller sold a stolen phone to me because this phone will work very good with wifi but is useless without making call with it."
"The say it is unlocked , but it is not , it doesnt even accept at&t; (lol?) dont buy this crap , please."
"This cellphone works excelent on Costa Rica, I didn`t have problems with network, neither configurations, I recommended this one. Thanks"
"When I first got the phone it was working fine, I love the screen and everything. But not I've had it for 1 month.. the phone keeps freezing, reseting everyday and almost all programs foreclose. I'm getting frustrated, hopefully I can return it."
I have some problems with the product.
"i bought as an unlocked phone so i can use my simple mobile simcard on it , but it doesnt work , it says locked"
