"PROS: ICS, Ease of use, Ability to Multi-task, price, Standard Motorola Cable"
"First the bad, as everyone knows cameras aren't Moto's strong point. It's not a bad camera, it's just not as good as some of the others. But for what I use it for, it's great."
"In a nut shell, Moto took the Razr Maxx (minus the battery)and smashed it into this beautiful and small case."
"Honestly-- I haven't felt such a child-like sense of wonder since I was... well... a child. I just turned in my Droid BIONIC to upgrade to the Droid RAZR M and I couldn't be more excited! The phone is comfortable, well-built, EXTREMELY fast, and has all the bells and whistles. Most impressive, I think, is the SmartActions functionality. Not only can you program your phone to run all your standard functions automatically... but it even recognizes patterns in behavior and recommends SmartActions without even telling it to! This is much more than just a smartphone... it is intuitive to its user and adapts itself to be your perfect phone. The battery is much improved over my old BIONIC as well. And for the price???? It feels like grand theft larceny. Snap this up before it becomes a highly sought-after commodity. This is it."
"I first bought the Samsung Galaxy S3, while my wife got an Iphone 5. I found the size of the Samsung unwieldy, and the battery life atrocious. I couldn't get through the day without plugging it in, and I'm not a heavy telephone user. I also couldn't work it well with just a thumb while driving...the Sammy is a 2-handed phone. Finally, the Samsung had trouble connecting to wifi in some areas where the Iphone 5 had no problem. For these reasons, I returned it."
"I originally upgraded to the Razr Maxx after having the HTC Thunderbolt for a year and I was pleased with it other than the fact that the phone is HUGE. So, when the Razr M came out it seemed perfect for my needs. I am a very experienced Droid user and I think this phone is great. My sister just got the Iphone 5 and has yet to find a feature on her phone (other than SIRI) that my phone doesn't have. In fact, the google maps on my phone is waaaay better than her maps. Not to mention that on Droids you get free GPS navigation (not paying attention to data costs). All that being said I will list out the pros and cons. With any phone there will be both."
Previous phone was an iphone 3gs. I had it since it came out. I am not one to buy a new phone just becuz the new version is out. Apple did not break any new ground with their updated phones so I stayed with the 3gs. After time android caught up and surpassed  iOS in my opinion. I was tired of iOS but android was also an unknown.
"I had a Droid Bionic and wanted something a bit smaller.  I'm very happy with the phone. Its a great size, battery life is excellent (85% after typical day), screen is just fine (despite what the on-line reviews say, I don't see any pixelation), camera takes pictures MUCH faster than the BIONIC, phone is very snappy."
"Let me start off by saying I was a Sprint customer for 3 years, during that time, their service went from great to serviceable to downright crappy. I had initially wanted to ditch Sprint the moment I found out I was screwed over for even a partial upgrade last year, I was PO-ed when I found out they switched their upgrade cycle once again to a straight-up 20 months and did nothing to rectify the situation. Originally wanting to go with T-Mobile, I instead opted to get on Verizon since my uncle had a line available. I waited until my contract with Sprint was up, which was literally about 13 days ago, before I took the plunge. I also had my eye on the Galaxy S3 too, but I was so desperate to get off of Sprint that I did look at alternative phones. Imagine my pleasant surprise when I came across the Droid RAZR, and then the RAZR M shortly afterward."
"I had an iPhone 4 which I gave to my wife as soon as I bought this phone.  Prior to that I owned several blackberry smart phones.  I also currently own an iPad (first generation).  I do like apple products and I am not here to bash them.  When the iPhone 5 came out I was disappointed.  Nothing really new.  More so than the iPhone or the iPad I was really having issues with iTunes and being locked into their ecosystem.  It was really, and is, a big pain dealing with iTunes."
"I bought this phone to replace my Galaxy Nexus and I am glad I did.  Motorola radios are much better at pulling in a signal and the battery on this device is outstanding.  After 14 hours of normal use, 4g, 3g, wifi, email and surfing, the batter was at 69%.  My Nexus was at 69% in 2 hours doing nothing.  The screen is excellent, build quality is top notch and the Motorola layer on top of ICS is minimal and more than acceptable.  The only less than stellar aspect of this phone is the camera but this is secondary to data and calls.  Overall I highly recommend this phone."
"This is my first smartphone, and it's pretty good overall. However, I'm very disappointed that I'm not allow to transfer my apps to my external SD card. I've read that this is as designed by Motorola to defeat hackers.  I'm quickly running out of memory mainly due to my apps! A secondary effect of this problem is that I have too much data on the phone for the free Motorola backup, and have to move up to a paid backup plan."
I upgraded from a Droid 2 to this phone. The user interface is vastly improved and the phone more well thought out than the Droid 2. Things that I like:
"I've had this phone for 3 days now and love it!  My previous phone was a Droid X, which was a great phone, but the new Razr M has the same screen size, way faster,  is smaller overall, and lighter.  I was looking at the other Razr phones and the Samsung S3, but they where all too big for my taste.  When I saw the M I knew this was what I was looking for.  Big screen in a small light package that fits in your pocket with ease.  For reference it is the same physical size as the new iPhone 5, but with a touch bigger screen and much smaller price tag."
"I was holding on to my Droid 2 for a while, waiting on iPhone 5 to arrive so I can finally upgrade to the 'latest and greatest'.  When the 5 was announced, I was displeased with the lack of Google Maps.  I used my old D2 for navigation quite often, and I simply wasn't going to downgrade just to get an iPhone.  Lucky me, the Razr M had just been released, at that point, still with v4.0.  I can't say enough how much I love this phone.  My wife got the iPhone 5, and I can't say I regret my decision one bit.  Battery life is the same.  Price point is cheaper.  Hard drive is expandable.  The Razr M can do anything an iPhone 5 can do, and Google Maps navigation is standard.  iPhone's camera is slightly better, but not noticeable enough where it's a must have.  You also get more apps with the iPhone, but Google Play Store has improved so much recently all the major apps are now shared.  Now that the Razr M has been upgraded to v4.1 it's even better.  I can listen to text messages over Bluetooth while driving, and voice commands are excellent... much MUCH better than iPhone's Siri.  As far as the build, this thing is a tank.  I dropped it on the kitchen tile the other day and it hit right on the corner.  Small dent in the plastic, but that's it, everything else is till perfect.  The iPhone would have ended up with a cracked screen, guaranteed."
"In one sentence, all I can say about this phone is that its the best cheap smartphone hands down."
"This Motorola Droid RAZR M is exceptional. The ICS is fun, the Processor is extremely fast, the camera is clear (albeit a slow shutter speed) and the build, fit and finish are amazing. The best part about this phone is you get all the same or better features in this phone as you do in the larger Moto Droid Devices, without having to stretch your paws out to access it all. The ""edge-to-edge"" display is great, with a small bezel it really makes the phone feel much larger to your eyes, while staying small in your hands. I know the great moto build quality will last the 2 years I will be with this phone, as the strong aluminum bezel, tough Kevlar backing (yes, yes, I know its just martketing tactics, but it feels cool) gorilla glass, and weather-resistant coating all work hand in hand to provide a steady, strong and durable device."
"This phone started off good but once you find out that Apps can only be stored on the internal 4GB storage you quickly realize this device is a huge mistake.  Forget the 32GB SD card, it is very difficult to move photos, music, onto it and impossible to move apps.  The 8GB internal storage is cut in half with bloatware.  You will need to delete apps so you can add new ones, and you're stuck with crap like slacker radio, IMBD, and Verizon apps that are designed to eat data and increase your bill."
"With my recent switch over from Sprint to Verizon (happy day!), I purchased 1 Motorola Razr Maxx HD for myself, & 3 Motorola Razr M phones for my family members. We've all been using the phones for a few weeks now and not one complaint! The size, design, functionality and battery life of the Razr M far surpasses other more expensive phones. I believe we've finally found the answer to our phone quest with the Motorola Razr M. I would definitely recommend the Razr M to anyone."
"Got this phone for my girlfriend for $49 and we have both been nothing but impressed by it.  She wanted a small Android phone, but didn't want to sacrifice screen size, features or power.  We evaluated what was on the market and went for the Razr M.  This phone has definitely made her happy."
"I just replaced my Droid Charge with the Droid RAZR M.  Verizon let me upgrade two months early as you couldn't beat the price.  I will say the battery lasts a lot longer.  I have been using it all day and haven't charged it yet.  My Charge would have been charged 3 times already. The internet access is much quicker.  The features are much clearer.  All around it is a better phone, but it does have technology that is 1.5 years more advanced than the Charge.  I won't give it 5 stars yet.  If it keeps working the way it is, than I will give it 5 stars."
"This phone just rocks. Outstanding performance, great screen, lightweight, and Jelly Bean. If you're like me and prefer a pocket sized phone you can easily use with one hand, there is no better choice in android-land than this. Coming from HTC, I'm in love with my phone again. Also appreciate the easy access to settings by swiping left."
"Kudos to Motorola.  Delighted tech user for the last 45 days.  By far one of the best smartphones I've owned. Call quality, responsiveness, battery life, stability, and ease-of-use are excellent.  I appreciate the ""Smart Actions"" customization tools and most importantly - It just works. It never freezes, lags, or needs a reboot.  I consistently get two days of light to moderate mixed-use on one charge."
"Coming from another Smartphone that was very buggy, I just wanted a solid performer.  Something reliable that works.  I've had the RAZR M for a little over a month now and couldn't be more pleased.  All the major functions work without a hitch, the phone stays on (yeah, well, the old one didn't), the telephony seems to be great, and the service through Verizon is much better than what I had with ATT."
"I have had this phone for about a month and i must say this is the best choice I could have made for a smartphone!!! The Razr M has the perfect size to fit in your hand and pocket (not a large bulky frame to take up space) The 4.3"" display hits the sweet spot for form and function. The battery lasts a ridiculously long amount of time as compared to other smart phones. On the Verizon Network you can talk and surf the web simultaneously, something you can't do with the Iphone on Verizon or Sprint. Best of all you have a microSD slot to expand memory on the phone. I purchased a 64GB MicroSDXC SanDisk (category 10)memory card on Amazon, formatted it on my phone, and it works like a charm!! That's more memory than is available for the Iphone. There are so many features available on this phone that just are not on the Iphone ie., NFC for mobile payments, expandable memory, water-resistant coating, and a larger screen with the same size frame."
I upgraded from a Samsung Captivate (Galaxy S) to the Droid Razr M after looking at all possible carriers options in the market.
"It's easy to get bogged down in the critical, so let me start off by saying that this is, overall, a wonderful phone."
"I have worked in the cell phone industry for 10+ years and am always switching out phones. I've liked the iPhone, blackberry and other Android powered devices as they each had something great about them. But this phone by far is my favorite."
"This phone is fast and responsive, and I think the screen implementation is perfect.  I don't want a big unwieldy cell phone like the Galaxy S III or Droid DNA, so having a screen this size in a phone that still comfortably fits my hand is wonderful."
I've had this phone for about 2 weeks & like it so far. I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy S that was running Froyo. That phone came with an earlier version of Android but I rooted it to get the later version & get rid of Verizon bloatware including Bing as the default search engine.
RECOMMENDED!
"I upgraded from Motorola Droid so it is a big leap for me. I like this phone for many different reasons but mainly for size and unadulterated Android experience. Phone is easy to handle considering it has 4.3"" screen; feels light in shirt pocket. I upgraded to Jelly Bean and Motorola has not messed around with core Android too much. Compared to Samsung Galaxy 3, you would notice how beautiful the fonts, color schemes, menu layout and transitions look. Difference to a keen eye is huge. For example, the settings menu is easier to access than on S3 even though they both have Jelly Bean. Another plus is how few default apps have been thrown in by Verizon compared to TMobile. In fact, Motorola's Smart Actions saves you time and embarrassment. You can configure it to go silent at work, turn on GPS automatically when driving and have it announce caller's name when at home! Also, did you know that this phone has same processor as S3?!!"
"I sold my iPhone 5 to purchase this and then some..I must say this is fantastic phone. Upgraded to Jelly Bean and the OS is smooth on this phone. Its just as long as the iPhone 5, but much more exciting than the iPhone because of the Droid signature sounds when turn on. It is a must buy!"
"best smartphone i have ever had, small size but large screen is a plus and the thinness makes it look sleek and rugged with the high grade materials. battery life is not as expected but gets through the day with about 50% at 9:00. my huawei had 70% at the end of the day and a better camera but with all the new updates you have more editing to do with pictures and effects which is much better than any iphone can offer, overall this phone is slim, lightning fast and a must have for anybody wanting the newest software and still able to throw around your phone without it getting destroyed"
"I was going to get an I phone 5, then figured I'd do some research first.  What I easily discovered was:  The Samsumg Galaxy S3 is the most feature rich phone made.  The I phone 5 is seriously overrated.  The top 2 for me were 2 Motorola models: M and Maxx."
What I like:
"I upgraded from a Droid X. The X was a good phone but, for me, just a bit too big. It was like a brick in a shirt pocket. All of the M's features have been covered here so I'll just say that it is the perfect size. I absolutely love that they made a phone in a size I want. I have some friends that own S3's and the only advantage I can see is that it can be used as a snack tray when not being used as a phone. I detect a touch of embarrassment in their faces when they pull that behemoth out of the cargo pocket."
Bought this phone for my wife this weekend.  Our first smart phone and overall we love it.
"I love my Moto Droid Razer M, I searched for months for a phone that could not only give me a good fit, but have full features of an Apple iPhone 5 & bee the same size for less $$$ out of my pocket! Well the Moto Droid Razer M accomplished that & more! I like that it has Gorilla Glass which protects the screen from spills & drops. I like the large 4.3"" screen for it's glossy fit & finish is perfect for a quick glance to see where your going, next I like that it fits in my hand just like the iPhone 4 & 5, one handed & voice texting is easy since I can't use both hands due to not being able to move my left hand. the size of the 4"" to 5"" phones were out of the running within the first few minutes of my search. Lastly, This phone has the quality that only Motorola can have claimed way back when I got my first cell phone 22 Yrs. ago! Finally, Just go for it with Verizion & the Moto Razer M you can't go wrong!"
"I replaced my droid incredible with the razr M - I had the incredible for 2 years and it never crashed completely even once, I've had the razr m for a month and it has crashed twice - requiring hard reset - pretty much the exact same apps loaded so I really don't think that is the problem.  additionally the sound was terrible for about a week - happened suddenly, I made a call and it sounded like a blown speaker in your car sounds. all calls I made after that had the same problem. I was going to bring it by the verizon store and trade it in (or whatever) but as anyone knows who goes to a verizon store, you need to have at least an hour to wait to be even spoken to and I was busy with work so I didn't have time to go and in about a week it suddenly improved.  I'm guessing that problem is going to come back.  I like the phone a lot otherwise but I think it is produced more cheaply with cheaper parts than the incredible I used to have.  I'm going to keep it and it's likely any other droid produced today is going to have similar problems so why bother frustrating myself with trying to take it back but I'm definitely disappointed."
