"Let me start out by saying that I am new to the tablet world and have had no experience using any tablets prior to this purchase. That being said, I spent a great deal of time fishing around through reviews and specs of what seemed like countless tablets for months. The obvious cliche conclusion led to all fingers pointing at some variation of an iPad, yet for me, I do not see much sense in purchasing a tablet (regardless of brand) for around the same price as a cheap yet descent laptop that will have more potential."
"Originally published in November 2012, Updated January 19, 2013 after using this Fire for several months..."
"I wasn't really in the market for another tablet, but my girlfriend ended up getting one for me so she got me on this one. I would like to say that this tablet reminds me of the first Motorola Droid smartphone that came out several years back. The phone jam packed a ton of bells & whistles into its hardware and software to give a lot of bang for your buck. This is what it feels like amazon has done with the Kindle Fire 8.9. They have put a lot of advanced hardware and innovative software, so for the average user, specially someone who absorbs a lot of media, you get a lot for the price. But just because you get a lot for the price, doesn't mean it is without its flaws. This is an updated version of my likes and dislikes, (my original analysis was a bit rushed, this is more detailed):"
We originally bought this for our daughter to use so my wife can get her iPad back.
"My wife purchased the new Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" for me and have to say it is definitely one of the more nifty devices, with lots of cool features and options. Before I talk about them, I'd like to say that I enjoy tech gadgets and I usually get my hands on the latest and greatest ones. Although, I don't buy everything that comes out, I do play around and keep myself up-to-date with what is out there. Also, I don't hook myself into a particular manufacturer. If a product is good, I will purchase, use, and tell people about it. If something better comes out, then I move on. This review will cover the Kindle HD as well as my experiences with other devices."
"As I did with my review of the 7"" version of this device, I had the chance to check out my friend's advanced copy of the 8.9"" version as well. My conclusion? Simple: I LOVE this device. GO OUT AND BUY IT NOW!!!! You will not be disappointed!!!"
"Since I am getting so many rude comments, I decided to delete the issues and problems I had with this unit.  A little background on myself; WAN Tech, Project Manager for 3 major Internet providers and a telecom specialist for 15 years.  I had purchased the Original Kindle fire and love it.  You may search my reviews to see that I am credible."
"I have owned two Kindle devices one of which was the original Kindle.  Both of which I have been very happy with.  If you are planning on buying a tablet for e-reading and want some of the benefits of a tablet (Web, email, music, or videos), then the Kindle is the best way to go.  If you are buying a tablet for business purposes primarily, then you would be better served with a Nexus 10 from Google."
"I have the Kindle Fire 1st gen, and decided to go with the Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" since it solved some of the issues I had with the first one.  There are plenty of reviews about what the tablet functionality includes, so I'll only cover some basic things about how it compares to the first gen Kindle Fire and some notable items about how to improve the HD with better apps. Toward the bottom of this review I provide instructions to installing the Dolphin Web Browser, which is the single best thing you can do to improve the Kindle Fire HD."
"I have the 7"" Kindle Fire HD, and love it.  When I decided to get something larger to use for out of town travel, I considered just about everything out there, but ended up purchasing the 8.9"" Kindle Fire HD.  I couldn't be happier! I put my hands on as many tablets as possible in the stores to make sure I was making an informed decision.  I even considered plunking down $600+ on the new ipad with retina display; also seriously considered the top of the line Toshiba tablet (has a great screen, among other things, but not as sharp as the Fire).  In the end, it was price and SOUND that made my decision.  I use my Kindle Fires mostly for music, web and video (aside from reading, of course).  The screen on the 8.9 is absolutely gorgeous!  Yes, the retina dispay on ipad is also fantastic, but the difference was not worth nearly twice the price, IMHO.  But where Kindle blew everyone away was the sound.  The stereo speakers on both sizes cannot be beat.  I literally had to put the speaker of the Toshiba up to my ear to hear it on the loudest setting in the quite noisy store I was in.  A few short steps away, in the same noisy crowd, the Kindle speakers were loud and crystal-clear, and not even all the way up.  I can really crank it up and rarely get any distortion.  Don't worry about the youtube app,etc.  There are plenty of instructions to be found on the net for loading apps like that onto your Kindle Fire.  Took me only a couple of minutes, and the app works just fine.  The silk web browser is fast, and I have no complaints about it.  A word about the ads vs ad-free argument: Unless you reeeeaaallly want to look at a picture of your kids or whatever for the few seconds your lock screen will be seen, I wouldn't bother cancelling the ads.  Even the ""suggestions"" at the bottom of the carousel are unobtrusive, and don't even show in landscape mode.  It's only $15 to opt out if it really bothers you, but I don't see what all the fuss is about. I used that $15 to buy a magazine subscription to enjoy on my awesome new toy!  I picked up the case made by Amazon, which to me is a must, and will be adding an anti-glare screen protector.  The Fire already has less glare than anything else I looked at, but I still like the protectors. Some things to take into consideration about my review: I do have alot of Amazon content.  Now, I know full well I could still have taken full advantage of my Amazon content from another tablet, but it may make a difference to some of you reading this.  I am not a gamer, and I don't have 500 time-wasting apps on my phone or Kindle, nor do I want them.  And last, I am not and have never been a die-hard Apple fan.  They make great products, but so do other companies.  If you are someone who will not be happy with anything but an ipad, please do yourself a favor and buy one.  Please don't buy this great Kindle Fire HD 8.9 and then return it and post a negative review because it's not an ipad.  I hope my review helps someone!  Thanks for reading."
"Posted on 1/7/2013, this is an update to my comments about the Kindle's weight that I posted on 12/12/2012. I've now had my Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" WiFi 32GB with Special Offers tablet for one month. My experiences might help others assess their ""need"" for this tablet."
"I purchased the Kindle Fire HD with the expectation it would be just a barebones tablet that I could carry anywhere and also eventually replace my notebook at home for day to day web surfing.  Heck, for 299 and a 8.9"" screen it was a no brainer to me.  I initially looked at the very same 7"" model and Nexus tablet, but the screen was just too small and it did not feel ""right"" on the hands.  Being the past owner of an iPad 2 that got destroyed by my kids I went back shopping for a replacement.  The iPad 3 was just too heavy and wayyy too expensive for the kind of use it will have.  Plus, add the kids to the picture, I was not planning on spending over 500 bucks on something that would end up rolling around the house and taking the risk of being destroyed...again...So I took the gamble and went with the 8.9"" HD.  And after only a few days, how surprised I am...Now, I was always a big fan of Amazon, customer service is something I'd pay for and when you get the best price and great customer service all I can tell you is you got my business forever.  With PRIME, this device is a full entertainment powerhouse, I have movies and games for the kids, music on the cloud, books for the wife, a great browser and an unexpected amazing screen.  Watching movies on it is just great, listening to music another big surprise: the speakers are just fantastic...I did not get into the 'dolby' thing, as I thought it would just not make a difference on a small device, but the sound in LOUD and clear.  As for the camera, I understand other reviews mentioning the lack of rear facing camera as a problem...but honestly, I had an iPad for 2 years and NEVER used the rear facing camera.  You simply will not...I do Skype and that is the only need for a camera in a tablet in my opinion (again, different users might disagree).  As for the charger (or lack of), I have at least 5 in my house (cell phones, iPad, iPod, etc, etc).  I just plug my cell phone one on it and done, not a big deal.  And if you are a PRIME subscriber, this device is a NO BRAINER.  Get one !  If not, it is still a great take-along carry-around-the-house gadget, very well built, slim and light.  Screen is very responsive, haven't seen any lag in the Amazon ecosystem Android wrap and the browser is faster than I remember my iPad being.  Maybe I am just overjoyed with the fact I spent so little with no great expectations and got this pleasant surprise.  I do have one complaint (so far): the power and volume buttons are hard to find and to a certain point frustrating...I saw that in the 7"" and was hoping it would be better in the larger form factor but it is still something that needs improvement (Amazon, are you listening ?).  About the ads...really ? I just skip them, so no problem for me.  They are not intrusive as you my think, not at all.  I am loving this purchase so far."
"First of all, people who give a product a 1 or 2 star review because of one issue don't get the point of reviews.  They should reflect the overall experience so people can get a fair idea of what they might be buying. Secondly many people are dinging this product because of a lack of flash.  Get over it people!  It's not Amazon's fault.  Adobe doesn't support flash on ANY new Android device."
"I purchased the kindle fire hd 7 and fell in love after one 4 hour flight. I have an iPad and love it. However when I travel the iPad is a little larger then I want to carry on the plane. The kd fire hd 7 was just prefect. Then I thought about the hdmi out. I totally hate that apple makes you buy numerous hdmi adapters for iPod classic, and iPad and I just refuse to buy another one. The kd fire hd 7 again was beautiful. The hdmi out was outstanding, or at least I thought. It puts out a 720p. The kindle fire hd 8.9 puts out 1080p. I have a 60inch tv and it makes for a big difference. That fact sold me into buying the 8.9. I'm so glad I went to the 8.9, yes sold my 7 on amazon and took a $49 loss.  Just love the picture resolution. Books, magazines, tv/movies just look better. Don't think you can go wrong with this unless you're looking for a notebook. Great job amazon. Too, like most people I was surprised and extremely happy to get the kindle 8.9 prior to the Thanksgiving vacation trip.  One last note, the kindle deluxe is also a wonderful ereader for those looking for a larger screen, however, pretty costly but worth it. Update- about to get the otterbox. Not happy with the price but otterbox usually have the best covers period!  update- 1-17-13 I have had the opportunity to download videos and the standard video's look horrible on here while they look like High Def on the iPad.  this made me take away two stars. when I say iPad,I mean the 1st edition not the retina version. Also, the battery life is less that stellar.  I'm becoming less and less excited about my kindle HD.  on the other hand the streaming and web search is amazing- super fast!"
"Received my Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" WiFi only yesterday and I am loving it."
"Wow, I don't quite know where to start! This is probably the most ""mixed"" review I'm going to write."
"This is my fifth Kindle, starting with the first generation e-ink reader and coming now to the 8.9"" HD Fire. Easy to say - you don't get to five without liking the product."
"I received the Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" today, about a week earlier than Amazon had projected."
"While there's a lot to like about the Kindle HD 8.9 there are a few features that don't work very well.  First is the web browser.  It crashed so much, I downloaded an other one (opera - and you'll have to allow non-amazon store apps in the Kindle settings to get any other browser - had to do that for dropbox and some other apps amazon doesn't like...)."
"I chose to purchase the Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" rather than the other competitive tablets for several reasons."
"I have the first Kindle Fire that I still use and love. I just received the new Fire 8.9 which I ordered without advertisements. At first glance it is just bigger and heavier. But it has more storage, has a better screen, Bluetooth and a cool mosaic photo display when in landscape position. Yes, I have read the specs and know there is more under the hood but I don't care as long as it works well. I do like the layout of the new carousel and favorites better. I also like that it is harder to move the icons around in favorites. I like to put them in my own order but on the first Fire they would randomly skip across the screen by accident. One big OOOPPPS Amazon made is with the new case. If you are watching a video and you have the cover opened to support the Fire in the landscape position you cannot leave it plugged in. I am sure other companies will get on that soon. I do love the magnetic cover that turns the Fire on and off. I was horrified that there was no 'FLASH' because I watch several video podcasts that are still in flash. However, there is a flash work around. Go to your account, help, forums on the right and type in flash for Fire 8.9. There is a nice lady that has that all organized for you. You basically download a free app (ES File Explorer)  then download an old version of Dolphin Browser to the app and then the flash for Dolphin. It works perfect. Today as I watched my flash video podcast I was amazed at how good the video is on the new HD screen. Also, I actually think my music sounds better on the Fires so I take one to the gym instead of my iPod. I use AblePlanet noise cancelling headphones and ear buds and both are really really good. Good luck with your new toy."
"I'm writing this review on my new Kindle Fire HD 8.9"" right now, stylus in hand, testing things out, making sure that things all work as they should.  Had thought about writing the entire review with this device, but the more I get into it, don't think that I can do it justice this way, so I'll just make my notes here as I go, then save them to the Amazon Cloud."
"I own and have previously used a regular Kindle for reading, which I preferred using over traditional paperbacks. The Fire HD, remarkably, is even BETTER to read from - which came as a surprise to me, since I assumed it would not match the reading experience of the regular Kindle. I find the bright screen of the Fire HD to be marvelous to read from. I experience no glare, and can read for prolonged periods of time with no issues whatsoever. The screen can be read in any lighting condition, since it's so bright. For some people, it will be a tad TOO bright, but I believe you can adjust this in the settings. I'm not quite sure if I like this unit better than my 7"" Fire HD, but it's a toss up- they're both stellar. If you're going to use it primarily for reading books, the 7"" may be the best fit, but the 9"" would probably be better for heavy use of Netflix and/or reading of comics and magazines."
"As the owner of a first generation Kindle Fire, I was looking forward to a new version of the Fire and preordered the Kindle Fire HD 8.9"".  I have been using the device for close to a week and so far have been very pleased. This version of the Fire is a big step up over the first generation 7"" Fire, and with key improvements in screen resolution, Bluetooth, sound and even user interface."
"This review discusses whether or not to buy a Kindle in place of a different platform, such as an iPad.  It also discusses the pros and cons related to purchasing a new 8.9"" HD Kindle Fire as an upgrade to the old Kindle Fire."
"Can you afford an Aston Martin? If so and you're in the market for a tablet and require the ultimate in beauty, sophistication and over-engineered build quality then head over to your Apple store and pick up the new iPad."
"I have had my fire hd for over a week now and i love it.  I`ve also had a kindle keyboard and original kindle fire.  Was not sure about purchasing the fire hd 8.9 at first but decided i wanted to try the larger screen so i pre-ordered it.  I never did use the kindle fire one handed so the larger size of the fire hd doesn`t bother me.  I love the hd screen and larger size.  Fire hd feels very well constructed.  I found it very easy to use but that may be because i had the kindle fire and so was not a first time user.  It should still prove easy to use for someone who is new to kindle fire.  Fire hd is very fast for surfing the web and watching prime instant videos.  Display is incredible with hd content and sound is good for a tablet.  I really like having the hdmi out port so i can connect it to my home theater.  Some have complained about no charging light like the original fire so you can`t tell when it`s fully charged but while that is an annoyance it`s not enough for me to ding the fire hd in my review.  Be careful how much trust you place in the overly negative reviews.  A lot of them seem to have been written by, a - apple fan boys who feel threatened and so surf the internet writing negative reviews of competing products, b - people with unreasonable expectations i.e. did not fully read product description before purchasing, and lastly, c - people who are not reviewing the fire hd at all but are leaving negative reviews because they have a bone to pick with amazon.  Lastly, just a thought about the lack of apps complaints.  Amazon is a merchant not a developer, it is up to the developers to make sure their apps work with the fire hd."
"First off, I absolutely love my Kindle Fire HD. For $299, it is by far the best value tablet on the market, and the quality matches or EXCEEDS the apple iPads (we have an iPad 2 and 3) in many categories, which is a product costing nearly twice as much. The Fire HD is not perfect however, and has a lot of room for improvement, not so much in the great hardware, but in the software and OS."
"As with the original Fire, the out of box experience is very nicely done. Very straightforward process of just turning it on and letting the tablet register and update itself. It took about 10 minutes (with the majority of the time waiting for an update to download) and it was ready to go. It picked up all my original Fire music and books from the cloud and most of my Fire apps. I was disappointed to see that a couple of my favorite apps (TED Talks and Play Music Videos Free) were judged not compatible with my new Fire. Hopefully updates will be coming soon."
"I have my new kindle and I played with it all weekend to rather mixed opinions on it.  I've had 6 kindle devices since the initial K1 and this is by far the most versatile.  As far as Amazon content goes, it works very well with them and has pretty good user interfaces to search that content."
"After reading so many asinine 1- and 2-star reviews, I thought I should go ahead and get my review out there.  And before anyone has a chance to question it, though this is not a verified purchase, I DO own this device.  My folks were kind enough to let me purchase this through my Dad's account, and pay him back over time.  But anyhooooo, about the device..."
SOME BACKGROUND:
"This is my last edit of this review. I put the current event at the top of this review, Jan 20th, 2013. Read the entries below the first one, if you wish, for more information."
Hello everyone!
"Disclosures: I have owned every Kindle product from the first generation E-reader. Additionally, I have owned and temporarily used an IPad, an Asus Transformer tablet, and a Samsung Galaxy Note tablet. I currently use, and very much enjoy, a Motorola Xoom tablet (second generation). With all that said, here are my thoughts on the Kindle Fire 8.9"" tablet (16g, without special offers, no LTE)."
"Updated-11/28/12 I thought charging problems were related to problems with my Kindle e-reader charger. I purchased the power charger and things seem to be better. However, when I plug it in to charge, it does not always start charging and I have to unplug it, wait, etc. And now I noticed that it isn't holding the charge very well. I called Amazon and they are sending me out a replacement right away. If the replacement doesn't have any issues, I will keep the 5 stars and assume i got one with a glitch. It happens. If there are still issues, then it will be an overall problem and my ratings will drop. There was a person on the forum page that also had this problem. Most others are reporting no issues with the battery. So for now, I will gave Amazon the benefit of the doubt."
"WARNING:  Multiple issues exist versus prior Kindle models, including how 4G use is configured.  My older Kindle DX has 3G service, and had NO Wi-Fi capability.  The new Kindle Fire HD depends on and requires Wi-Fi usage alongside 4G.  So if your Wi-Fi is poor, like mine, you are SOL even with 4G.  WARNING:  The TTS function now works only with books.  Not newspapers or blogs!"
I bought both to see if I could get my elderly parents to use either.
So I've had the Kindle Fire HD 8.9 for 4 days.  Here are my reviews on this tablet:
