Galaxy S4 is  an incredible phone. I have been using this unlocked S4 for past 2 days helping a friend to migrate from iPhone 4S. My friend has been on iPhone and it also gave me a unique perspective. I used iPhone for couple of years and been using Android for past 3+ years.
"One of the most impressive things about the phone is the fact the size hasn't changed from its predecessor - the Galaxy S4 comes in at 5.38 x 2.75 x 0.31 inches, meaning there's no extra heft to try and work with in your palm."
"I bought a Galaxy S4 last week and I'm really impressed. One of the first things that amazed me was that after 1 day, 6 hours and 56 minutes of use the phone said I still had 17% left on my battery. This was after heavy use setting up the screens, adding apps, texting, talking, browsing and more. Our power went out for a while and I even used the flashlight and an app to read a book for 25 minutes. Hands down, the S4 is the winner over the iPhone."
"I've done a *ton* of reading on phones and had narrowed it down to the S4, the HTC One, and the iPhone 5."
"I am one of a few select few people that can honestly say I currently own the Iphone 5 and Samsung S4. My company phone is the Iphone 5 and my personal is the S4. My thoughts on Apple are, they were the innovators of the smartphone and Tablet world. But now with that birth, we are at a maturing age within the industry, and fact is, Iphone cant just stick with what got them to the top, since phones like the Samsung S4 are the latest and greatest smartphones that leave Iphone in the dust."
Has always Samsung did it great...
Great Phone I was using I phone and got bored by all restrictions they have to synchronize with computers very very happy with S4 specially the camera and touch free screen
"Hello every one, this is an encredible phone I recomend it I'm Android user few years ago was a apple fan with this I'm giving my personal oppinion and my NEUTRAL comment. the both os droid and ios are great. but since i have an android i prefer this because the you dont have to pay for apps. any way this cellphone is awesome the camera is super fine the HD display is great better than his little brother S3, super fast with octa core and 2gb ram Highly recomended"
"I bought this phone for the gesturing and eye-tracking. Both are difficult to use, and cut my battery life in half. I tried to impress my friends with the hand/eye features, but just ended up looking dumb when I couldn't get them to work consistently."
"I bought this phone as an upgrade to my S2. At first... it was buggy with camera crashes and a flickering issue but the good folks at Samsung recently fixed those issues with an update and the phone is much better now. Multi-tasking is of course a breeze and with the new update, you're able to send apps to the SD card. I love all the quirky features... especially air view and voice command. Awesome phone for the l337 and the n00b. Also, protect your investment and get a nice sturdy case. Gorilla glass is awesome but the phone is very thin so it can't absorb drops on the edges/corners.  Would hate for you to find that out the hard way."
"First time android user, before I was a blackberry fan and I also have an Ipad but now I guest I'll stay with the  Android OS, the Samsung Galaxy S4 is every thing I expected and more. Great phone."
The only problem is that I live in Venezuela and the phone does not have the option for the Laguages in spanish! But the phone is Awesome!
"I want to start by saying I got this phone at my local AT&T; store and unlocked from any seller. Coming from an iPhone user for years, this phone is amazing. As I type this on my mac ironically enough, I was tired of Apple. I picked this up on my upgrade, and my first impressions were that it was WAY too big (screen wise) after about 2 weeks of using it, I look at iPhone screens and seriously question why I ever liked the screen on them. I can easily touch all corners of this screen without stretching too much and I have very average sized hands for a guy. Coming from a gamer, the S4 is a totally different breed from iPhone at least in the emulation area. It can run almost any N64/PSX game at 40-60fps constantly. The only thing I could complain about this phone is heating. Now it's a very powerful phone and it will run warm when gaming. I had a defect my first time around with this phone at was running at 120F. I replaced it and have had no problems since. I can't rave anymore about how everyone should at least give the S4 a chance. I used to make fun of their giant appearance, but now I wouldn't have it any other way. I'm hooked."
"Even though I have been getting one glitch in 1 per 10-20 times I open the camera app, the phone freezes for a few seconds and out of nowhere it restarts the phone, I must say, I love this phone! I hope this is a problem of my phone only, because the phone is incredibly fast for everything as any phone should be. I kind of feel that we went backwards with ""smartphones"" that don't react to your finger sometimes, don't let you hang the call or just freeze all the time, in that case I even prefer a normal-old phone. With this, I feel like I have finally a Smartphone (Or maybe even more like a computer!)."
"Galaxy S4 is better than the S3. However, it tends to get hot when used a lot. It is perfect if not used for long periods."
"This is the best cellphone ever. It is fast and super easy to use. I definitely will recommend this product,"
"No doubt, this galaxy S4 has most sharp,clear,and vivid color display."
"The phone is espetacular, beautiful, fast, and very very slim, but i wish it had better materials, the plastic cover on the back scratches very easy"
"When I first open the device, I have seen freeze issues but in 5 mins, device recieved an update and it solved freezing completely."
Awesome phone... can't believe people still buy iphones.... a bit hard to learn how to use at first but afterwards its an awesome piece of technology.
the best phone no matter who you are. great for hard core and newcomers.
"I'm coming from a Galaxy S2, Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S3, and now currently own the S4."
This device will not be supported by Samsung in US. Also it doesn't work with most of service providers. Network keeps getting disconnected. I am returning my phone to amazon.
"First off I would like to say that I am a web & mobile developer by trade and a device geek by hobby. Samsung surpassed iPhones back with the S2, but admittedly they fell just short in regards of being reliable and as usable. The S4 is the first Android phone I have used that seems to be the complete package."
"Really recommend the phone and the seller, the phone is just amazing, does anything you could expect a phone does. the phone got here 2/3 days after i bought it!"
The S4 from Samsung is one of the best smart phones now.This phone has an Exynos 5 octa chipset featuring a 1.6 Ghz Quadcore and a 1.2 Ghz Quadcore processor making web browsing fast.This phone has a Jelly Bean 4.2.2 OS along with a 13MP primary camera and a 2MP front camera.This phone has a 5 inch super AMOLED screen and and numerous features.This is a super phone which is very good and is very highly recommended.
"This product is not the authentic Samsung Galaxy S4. I watched a video comparing an authentic S4 and a fake one. From what I learned in the video, this is the fake one. It described all of the characteristics of a fake one compared with a real one, including looks. This one has a lot of flaws. Based on the reviews, it breaks easily and always resets itself, unlike the real one. People shoudln't buy expensive items from the internet. Nobody can trust the sellers of the items. And also, it says that this phone is only an ACCESSORY!"
"amaizing phone, everything works fine I really apreciate it, they are very trusted and always achieve their promeses its very good team"
