Back Story:
I hope this review gets to as many people as people.  First I'd like to begin by saying something very important.
"I have been a big fan of headphone audio and do a lot of my listening through a Headroom DAC and headphone amplifier coupled with AKG 701s (open) or beyerdynamic 770s (sealed).  I also play some multiplayer games online through Steam, especially Team Fortress 2.  Oddly enough, I never had a gaming headset.  I used my headphone amplifier for audio and used the microphone on a webcam for voice.  While the audio was great through the USB DAC, the voice solution left a lot to be desired."
Pros:
"I've used these for a month now and I've concluded they're perfect! I enjoy the full, powerful sound that comes from the LARGE and HIGH QUALITY drivers in this headset. The quality invested in the 40mm drivers makes all the difference."
"The Plantronics GameCon 780 was received quickly and well-packaged.  I had originally purchased it for gaming I do on on the PC some evenings to replace a headset not designed for such things.  Though I did plenty of research and read many reviews, I finally settled this one.  After a few weeks of using it, I'm ready to help others make a decision."
"This is a great headset but, if you're planning to use these headphones on Windows 8, the driver probably won't work right out of the box. It's easy enough to get working but you'll need an extra minute or two. Just follow these steps:"
Well the speakers work great but the only reason I bought them was for my Xbox 360. But they will only work for the PC & PS3.  Very sad but I should have read more before buying.
"For anyone looking for a set of gaming headphones, these offer a number of strong points, particularly if you're looking for a strong surround-sound feel. Firstly, they're quite comfortable, with ample space for the ears in the cups. The headphone sits rather snugly, which may feel uncomfortable until you get the head strap adjusted just right. The cups are lined with a soft velvety material which is comfortable, but can collect dust pretty easy. Its not hard to clean that, but if you're picky about it its worth noting."
"SOUND:AMAZING, the Bass is super good, the Accustic is super good, ITS ALL good. compared to logitech g35/g930, roccat kave, turtle beaches, atros, trittons, it is simply one of the BEST sounding headsets in the market, especially for its PRICE of 80 dollars compared to the ones WAY over 100 dollars. (5/5 stars)"
"So when I got these headphones, I had been using earbuds and the microphone built into my laptop. As you might imagine, the sound quality was poor and the people I spoke to on Skype complained about the microphone. Then I upgraded to THESE things, and the audio was amazing, and the folks on Skype said I was coming through crystal clear. So everything was hunky dory, right? Nope."
"The Plantronics GameCom 780 is the best-for-the-money gaming headset that you can get. I had for about 3 months now, and I can say that these aren't perfect, but for $60 with the feature it has, it can't get any better."
"I bought this headset to replace my Turtle Beach X11, which I was very happy with until it started shorting out."
"Owned this headset for 2 months now. The right speaker is already dying, and popping randomly every minute or so. Not very impressive for 60 dollars. Starting the warranty process, but I already see I am going to be on the hook for shipping cost if my claim is accepted. Not a very good way of doing business considering the lack of quality is the only reason the set is going dead. I would look elsewhere, spend a few more dollars, and get something that might actually last. Very disappointed =(."
"It's hard to be the voice of discontent against so many positive reviews, but I didn't find this headset to be all that others claim it to be and ended up sending it back and replacing it with a pair of Logitech G35's."
"This is the first headset I've purchased that cost more than $20. I've been a hardcore gamer for years and music junkie for just as long; if I had known how much I'd been missing, I would have purchased a good headset a long time ago. If you've been on the fence about spending a little more cash on a better headset than the $15 one you bought from Wal-Mart, you need to commit to giving your ears the experience they've been missing. Buy this headset. Now. You won't regret it."
Context:
"These headphones are excellent.  The sound quality was amazing and the depth of the sound was quite impressive.  For you FPS gamers out there, these headphones provide excellent quality and directional sound and will be quite helpful in hearing the footsteps and gunfire around you.  A great product!"
So I owned these for less than 1 year and both sides of headband broke where the ear pieces connect to headband. I am very disappointed in my purchase of this product and the warranty won't cover it either. The fact that your headset breaks just from pressure of you wearing it is horrible product design/cheap plastic.
"Before reading this review please note the issues have finally been resolved. First of all the headphones themselves are great. Great sound, feels light and comfortable without feeling cheap. Appear to be well built."
"OK, so this headset is amazing! I loved it so darn much! I used it every single day until now.. I went to put it on my head (which is not large) and the right part just snapped.. It still works, but I can't waer them anymore. I just kind of lay them around my neck. REALLY annoying. I don't think I can get them replaced either since I bought them back in October =\"
"I have a feeling this would be a very nice headset and don't understand why Plantronics is so far behind that there isn't a driver available for Windows 8 since any new computer will have this. The headset portion works  BUT when you turn it on, the volume is at bust your eardrums level and takes a lot to turn it down. Even at the lowest setting, it is very loud. The microphone will not work at all."
Not happy with this headset. Comfort just was not there.To be fair we have used Bose headphones before. The price is very diffrent for Bose compared to these headsets. We tried to like them but just not the same. The Plantronics for the price is hard to beat. The comfort is just not there.
"This headset was broken with in two months and the microphone went first. I was talking to my friend on skype when suddenly ""Hello, hello? Hello!??!?!"" he was saying. I had to use my mic in my laptop for a while before I can get a new one. The noise was crackling and went awry with in 5 weeks. Very low quality, but if you're gonna use it for about 1 month, I'd recommend it."
"The over all construction of the headphones appears to be well built & sturdy. Sound quality is outstanding, very nice frequency response, no audible distortion even @ higher volumes. The microphone is unintrusive unlike other headsets out there (not bulky so doesn't obstruct vision), doesn't seam to pickup on outside noise, & when using the mic (Skype or audacity) voice comes thru loud and clear without any background noise or feedback that you get with other headsets when playing things at high volumes (people hearing music your playing through the headset). The 7.1 virtualization is a nice touch. Works well with the PS3. And Overall the headset is comfortable. Software is comes with could use a built in Equalizer, Other than that no complaints. would recommend this product."
"This is an excellent headset. Great comfort, love the control aspects (music or gaming). I thought the microphone wouldn't work so well because it sticks out quite a ways from your mouth. It sits well off to the side, but after making repeated calls via Skype and Vonage, I found that the persons I talked to could hear me loud and clear. I really like the way the ears are completely covered comfortably. This is like, the third headset I have tried and without question I would recommend these to anyone. Great price, fast delivery, Amazon has done it again!"
"When I turn on ""Dolby enabled"" (from the software provided) it sounds like I'm listening through tin cans.  When its off it sounds alright, like normal over-the-ear headphones (not 7.1). They are uncomfortable compared to other over-the-ear headphones. The microphone is good.  Buy these if they are $50 or under, otherwise look elsewhere."
"Ok, when it works the sound is amazing. But every now and then there will be a buzzing for about a couple of minutes. It's happened three times since I bought the headset. Not sure if this is common or I have a faulty headset."
"AWESOME headphones for a headset, and I'd go as far to say even better quality than my equally priced stand-alone headphones. Additionally, the headphones are comfortable on the ears, and the mic is clear with minimal feedback. The only thing that will take some getting used to is the volume/mic control; these controls are on the back of the left earmuff. I will definitely say that this headset is the best I've ever owned, though. Great price for a great set."
The cord length is decent. They are extremely comfortable. Sound is fantastic. My friend has the expensive Turtle beach headphones and these sound the same in my opinion. These can't be beat for the price. I've been using these for about 2 months and the sound quality is fantastic. The microphone works just fine as it should. And the drivers the headphones came with installed and works properly on 64bit windows 7 OS.
"Nothing fancy with this headset, but it holds serious sound waves. I owned Astro A40, Razer Megalodon, ROCCAT_Kav, and Bose QC15, I can say GameCom 780 beats the first 3 in term of sound quality, and on a par with QC15 if not better. However, GameCom 780 is not as comfortable as Astro A40, which is so comfortable to have long time on you head. But with this price and sound quality, this headset sets a standard other providers should watch carefully. Good work Plantronics.  (I don't use mic often, so I don't care how good it is)"
"I was originally looking at some similar headphones from Logitech, but the price was right so I tried these instead.  The intended use was to play games or join Google+ Hangouts, and I was hoping the mic would help eliminate noise in the room so people could hear me better and that the around-the-ear style would help eliminate room noise so I could hear the game better."
"Pros: Incredible sound quality, played Vale Decem and The Bridge Of Khazad Dum, totally blew me away. Pretty sturdy, easy to install, good surround sound, Sexy bass."
"I purchased this to replace a set of real 5.1 (not software\virtual) Turtle Beach headphones that I had to keep repairing until they broke for good. I do not have lots of cash money, so I did not feel comfortable spending $100+ for a set of gaming headphones. As you can see from the four stars I gave it, after two weeks of ownership, I am happy with my decision!"
"Mic is the most sensitive I have used in a gaming headset, which is a big plus versus the alternative which is shouting into the mic all the time because there isn't enough gain or the sensitivity is too low.  The mic probably won't position ideally near your mouth but it doesn't matter a whit in terms of functionality."
The sound and mic quality are decent with this headset.
Pros:
"I was using a set of Logitech's (the ""high end"" ones) and was a bit hesitant to go to these, but I wanted to try them out. I am so glad that I did, they are about twice as comfortable (I get a lot of headaches so ear comfort is a big concern for me). I will admit that I fell in love on the first day. It was like actually talking to someone and hearing sounds instead of computer processed .mp3 files.  The bass is about the only thing slightly lacking here, everyone I talk to (that actually knows me), says hey you don't sound like you have a sock in your mouth anymore. The dolby is done a little different then i'm used to but I tried for a day on and day off and it definatley sounds better and clearer on. Do yourself a favor and save some cash and buy these."
"They have yet to release drivers for the headphones that are compatible with Windows 8, and they don't seem to have any plans to. If you try and use these with a Windows 8 system, odds are your computer will crash (BSOD) every time you unplug the headphones."
For the first couple months it will work great but sooner or later that mic will fail so unless you want to get a spare mic or use laptop mic later then get this.
