*** UPDATE **
The Nexus4 is priced at $349 for 16GB through Google's site.  [...] The phones are ALL made un-locked (there is no locked version because there is no carrier associated).  My husband put in his SIM card from his iphone and after about 20min it recognized his new device.
I bought my Nexus 4 from Google for $350. It tool about three hours of retrying on there web page. When I ordered it said it would ship in two to three weeks but it was on my door step in two.
"Just some background,"
"I have to warn you that I am a fan of Pure Android, I don't feel there is a better Mobile OS out at this time as most lack some features that Android clearly has.  With that out of the way, let me say I've been using this phone for about 3 days now as I managed to score one when they went back in stock on the play store."
"I own this phone, but I bought it from the Google Play Store. The prices from resellers are ridiculous! It goes for $349 before tax and shipping. Don't even think about paying more than $400 for this device. Yes, it is worth a lot more, but I'd allow for Google to get their stock back up from LG before considering purchasing."
"O.K. This is my first ""Smart Phone"".  Yes, I had a ""Blackberry 8820"" which could, sort of, go on the web.  It would lock up if I went anywhere except a few websites that were o.k."
"OK.. So like everyone else on here, I bought mine directly from the Google Play Store. As mentioned - it is quite a bit cheaper there. And now that they have gotten past the original supply shortages, you can order your phone and have it in hand by the end of the week. Maybe not Amazon Prime fast - but what is? :-)"
"I have been using this phone for a few weeks, and I must say that I am quite impressed with it. It is a little bit bigger than my hand, which took some getting used to when migrating from my old phone, but I was able to adjust. The volume buttons are in a slightly different position than my old phone, so the first few times I used them I missed and ended up hitting the up volume when I was  aiming to turn it down. This is mostly due to me being used to a smaller phone, so if you are someone upgrading from a smaller phone, these are things you should be aware of."
"Is it the best phone in the market right now? No but for the price of $300-$350 plus tax from Google for a unlocked phone with specs and performance that the Nexus 4 has you won't find a better phone then this. If I bought this phone for $500 and up price range i would be much harsher about the lack a SD card slot, no removable battery, only a 8 and 16 GB models, lack of LTE. However i got it from the play store for $350 plus tax for a great unlock phone so i can overlook the missing features and find ways to compensate."
BLUE Pill - You stay plugged in and on your 2 year contract. You continue your life oblivious to the hidden charges and fees that your carrier is charging you just for having a phone.
"First and foremost, as other reviewers have mentioned: do not buy this phone from Amazon as it costs less buying directly from Google play.  Also, this review will be long and somewhat incoherent, but I'll try my best to cover as much as I can about this phone."
"Excelente teléfono lo compre para usarlo en Venezuela y funciona perfectamente en 3g con la operadora DIGITEL, recomiendo el equipo ampliamente la mejor relacion  precio / calidad / tecnología, muy rápido  y la bateria aguanta tranquilamente 1 dia de uso fuerte"
"I ordered the unlocked Nexus 4 in order to buy in to the T-Mobile 5GB data plan ($30 w/ 100 minutes).  Previously I had an LG Optimus S for over three years...it was a decent phone that was built like a tank, but the lack on internal memory finally became just too much."
"This is a good phone and I don't think I can say much more than people have already said, but it has one glaring flaw that I don't hear people talk much about. If you're like me and don't like having a bumper or case on your phone, be careful where you put it! Unless your house is very level, it's likely to slide off of a lot of smooth, flat surfaces because of its glass back. It's not unusual for me to find my phone on the floor, after it slides off of whatever I put it on. Thankfully though, I have carpet :P This problem is ESPECIALLY bad with the wireless charging orb; you can find some time-lapse videos on Youtube of people's Nexus 4s sliding right off of it. So I'd recommend at the very least putting a skin on the back. I'm going to do mine, but just haven't gotten around to it yet."
"This phone is just amazing. Its true that the phone has no LTE but lets be honest it does not matter for some people. It is just as fast if not faster than LTE in certain areas. The phone is snappy, with a clean design. It may not have a sd card slot but have you heard of the ""cloud"" or Google play. I agree that 16gb should be the minimum for new phones but it still holds depending what you do. No replaceable battery but I can live with that as I never actually cared about swapping batteries. The price is amazing compared to other phones and obviously cheap for certain reason. All those things just add a heftier price to the phone. Overall great so far and sleek."
This is a comparison of the S3 (I9300 quad core) vs the nexus. This was the last shot I gave to android.
"Just so you guys know how I use this phone, I am currently a contractor in afghanistan and I am currently using a local Sim card in this phone. So I dont have that high speed 4g stuff that most of you will be using with this phone."
"I started shopping for an unlocked GSM phone 3 months ago. The Nexus 4 was my top choice. But it was out of stock in the Google Play store, with no ETA in sight for its return. And if you could find one for sale elsewhere, the prices were jacked up. No, thanks."
HQ FEATURES
My family and I have been iPhone users since 2007.  All 5 of us just recently switched to a Nexus.  They are excellent and none of us can believe that we stayed with Apple for so long.  When I hold an iPhone now it seems like a silly toy.
"I recently broke my iPhone 5 (ouch!!!) and had to buy another smart phone urgently. So went to Google play store and ordered this beast .... and as expected, it a powerhouse phone with lots of features and lots of frills. I am quite comfortable with iOS and android OS and I know that android lets you to customize your phone in a way you like it (so many gadgets makes this phone very cool). So overall I am happy with my phone."
"Got my 16gb version delivered on Jan 2nd from Google. Put in the microSIM (got it free from local Tmobile store) activated, set up phone with my email etc and up and running in  few minutes. Have put the phone to test to check if it has any of the early batch issues. So far haven't found any."
"I recently decided to upgrade to a Nexus 4 from a Galaxy Nexus. I love the stock Android experience but was hesitant because the Nexus 4 only seemed like a small upgrade. While the changes are not mind-blowing, a lot of small things have been improved to deliver a better experience. I've been using the phone for a couple of weeks and here are my impressions so far:"
"This is my first smart phone and first android device. I'm used to apple products. I have iPods and iPads. But for $700 did not want to buy the iPhone. For half that I can get the Nexus 4, and with better specs than the iPhone 4S."
"My wife and I had 2 HTC 1X phones. She had the 1x and I had the One X plus. Although the screens on both of those phones were amazing and on my phone I personally loved the 64GB, they had quite a few quirks that really annoyed both of us. it was so bad we had to exchange both phones and that did not fix the issues. On both phones we would sometimes be in the middle of a call and it would suddenly just reboot and both would always say no sim card found and we have to restart the phone. That continued even with the second set of phones. I was thinking what are the chances that both phones would do this. Also we use Gmail to save all of our contacts and for some reason HTC decided that the default contacts save would be in the phone itself so we would have to continually choose to save it into Google contacts and there is no way to set it to default save to Gmail. This was annoying because in our line of work we both constantly have new clients and we try to save their phone numbers and I like having the phone numbers available across all my Google devices, not just on my phone only. My wife would especially forget to sometimes save it into Google so when we switched phones she noticed that she was missing several contacts and AT&T; had so much system bloatware on both of the phones that when we disabled quite a few of them it probably made the phone act crazy as well. Even when you turned both of the phones at initial setup, the phone was practically begging you to save all the contacts into AT&T; which would be the stupidest thing in the world to since they would only be available on your AT&T; account. I have noticed that more and more Android phones are trying to get you to get away from Google services even though its Android. Now I understand why iPhone is the way it is. Anyways, Snce we use both of our phones for business, I had no choice but to try something different. We tried the Galaxy S phone and I did not like that TouchWiz at all, it also had little things that wanted to separate you from Google, plus the screen did not look as nice as the HTC One. Anyways now we have the Nexus 4 and it is hands down the smoothest version of Android we have ever seen or used. the screen looks just as we as fantastic as the one x plus, I thought I would not like the fact that it does not have true 4G but I haven't noticed a real difference at all for what we use it for. It really should be the number one phone, but I'm sure that's Google not properly advertising it the way Samsung advertises their phones, so unfortunately most people will never get to experience a phone that truly rivals the iPhone in overall satisfaction. After several months of use, we pretty much have had zero issues with the phones, everything works and there's absolutely no unnecessary b)apps on the phone. I would pretty much have to say we are probably going to use Nexus branded devices from now on as long as they work as smooth as these phones are right now. Liked it so much  we even got Nexus tablets. The only thing I wish personally for me is I wish I had at least 32gb because on the HTC One X plus I had 64 and I used about 27 gigabytes of it. I love media and I love apps. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a truly great working phone that pretty much does everything you need to do without all the extra gimmicks or loaded with things that you'll probably never use. Awesome phone!"
"This phone, compared to my last phone (Sidekick 4G) is like the most amazing phone ever.  It has some weird color saturation in the display, but honestly I am not picky about it and is not an issue to me. The display still looks super good.  Before I bought it I saw online that all these people were complaining about the camera... well obviously its not gonna take pictures that a 1,000 dollar camera is gonna take. But for a cell phone.. the pictures are good enough for me! It runs extremely fast, loads games and any apps very fast, and can have multiple apps running (ive had 20 running at once)."
"Great phone, a few nit pick issues."
This is my first Android phone. It is really great. Responsive and smooth. The price is ok. It would be nice if it comes with SD card slot.
"Yes, this particular seller is over-priced, since this same exact phone can be purchased directly from Google Play store for $349 plus about $12 for 2-day shipping and your state's local sales tax."
"I love this phone. LG has neither good nor bad image to me, but this phone showed their potential to be great."
"Hello there!  So I'm assuming you want to know about the Nexus 4, no?  For this review, I'm going to be breaking it down into segments for easier reading.  So, have at it!  PS- I bought this phone though Google itself, so I based the pricing on that since it's the only official way to get it for now.  They're way more expensive here on Amazon for the time being."
"Before I actually write the review, I want to let fellow shoppers know that this phone is available on the Google Play website at MSRP which is $349.99+tax+shipping, which might save some people a bit of money if you can wait. Also note the phone tends to ship faster than Google's site indicates."
Quality product at excellent price - Excellent Android cell phone - Google Jelly Bean 4.2 at its finest - 4.2 updates do make using the cell phone that much easier.  Electronic only documentation for phone except for quick start guide.  For me the 16 GB of Flash Memory on-board on the board is not a limitation - that good for alot of music and magazine downloads - probably can store several full length videos as well as your music and magazines for trips without problem.  Too bad Google placed so low orders with LG for the phone that you have to buy it elsewhere than Google Play store although it is now reappearing for order there now (End of January).
"I looked & looked to review the T-Mobile version here on amazon, but could only find the Unlocked version to review. So with that in mind, lets get started:"
I bought mine and being using it heavily for a month now.
NEXUS 4 is rated 5/5.
After owning the phone for less than 2 weeks the back of the phone cracked.  It was not dropped or handled roughly.
"I was a little bit concerned about the Nexus 4's glass back, worried it may not be nice to hold. This has not turned out to be a problem. The phone has a non slippery rim on the edge, making it easy to hold and feel nice in hand."
"This is my first review of the device, let me tell you this phone is really fast, the android experience is really awesome."
