For some reason Amazon has this phone on backorder so I got it local from a VZW store on release day.  My wife got the S3 a month back and I'm glad she did because I found I hate it.  The biggest problem I have with it is the ridiculously shaped home button dead center of the bottom section of the phone.  Why would you ruin a large touchscreen with a physical button?
"I ending up buying this phone from Verizon on the day of release, and went with the regular HD opposed to the Maxx for $100 more since it seems steep for a few extra hours of battery life, and I'm glad I did."
"I have been an Iphone user my entire smart phone life. However, I thought I would change it up and since my contract ran out in early October, I found it dumb having to wait for the Iphone 5 until around Christmas time. I decided to go with the S3. I actually really liked the phone except for the battery life and the signal. The signal at my house was very low and was always searching between 1 bar and 0 bars to No Service (O with a line through it). After 12 days I returned it for the Razr HD. I am amazed on how great this phone is. It does feel heavy but I can live with that since it is built tough. You can tell it is built nice whereas the S3 felt light but cheap."
"I'll start by saying that I didn't buy this phone from Amazon but from costco.com instead since they have an online deal that comes with couple of neat things including an extra car/home charger, screen protectors and a couple of holsters (if you use them) plus a mail in form that will get you a car dock and portable charger (price was $189 plus tax/fees)."
There aren't many current reviews for this phone (when I was getting ready to pull the trigger that made me pause) so thought my recent experiences might help some people on the fence.
"In order to help Motorola build the best mobile phone possible, I'm writing with some brief pros and cons regarding the DROID RAZR HD."
"Wow, what a great phone.  My previous phone was a Droid X that I bought from Amazon Wireless 2 years ago for a penny.  I thought that was a great phone.  The Droid Razr HD is leaps and bounds better."
"This phone has to be one of the top 5 Android phones available right now.  One thing that made this phone stand out from the competition is the build quality.  It feels rock solid with its KEVLAR backing, Gorilla Glass, and a water-repellent nanocoating for added assurance."
"I used to work for Verizon and we would get new phones every 3 months, so I've had at least 7 different smartphones in my life, and this one is my favorite."
"Incredible phone. Battery life is amazing. Been on this phone all day since 7 am and after 12hrs of use it still has 78% charge. Motorola still lives up to its fantastic signal reception. Very solid phone. Jelly Bean 4.1 update promised before end of year. For you geeks, this phone is rootable if you wish to remove verizon's bloatware. This is an upgrade for me from my Droid X that lasted over 2 years without a problem. For businesses, this phone supports corporate email flawlessly. NFC functions great. Downside of this phone is the carrier. Verizon currently is blocking Google Wallet in favor of its own lacking wallet service. Not the phone's fault. If you want a real phone, this is it. If you want less, you can try apple."
"Wow, first I want to say I have had my Razr for about 2 weeks now and it is tremendous. My girlfriend just got a Samsung S3 and I did not want to hurt her feelings, so I didn't say anything, but the Razr HD and the Maxx are just made so much better. S3's are made cheap and if you drop it you have a paperweight. Back to the review, I came from a Droid X which is a great phone, but omg this phone is incredible. First aesthetically its gorgeous, kevlar backing, and Corning GG (Gorilla Glass). I use a sleek set of Cruzerlite cases and its about the same size as an Iphone 4S and very light, I recommend that case. Battery life is great I have not charged my phone in 2 days and I am a heavy texter. Amazon has this for 50 with an upgrade so I say its a buy, because to me 100 dollars more is not worth a larger battery that I cannot change (yet). I rolled back to ICS just to test things and went back to JellyBean 4.2 and everything is rock solid although Verizon bloatware is not good, I had to remove all of it. If you are on the fence like I was, I loved my Droid X, but in the end the upgrade was worth it. This has to be the best Motorola product I have owned and I have owned a lot. No knock on S3, but If you are using a Network Extender dont get an S3 from Verizon, I got my 4G Razr to work with my extender(even though Verizon says Razr's are incompatible)with some fine tuning. I had an S3 before this phone and it was not compatible even when I rooted the S3, it constantly sucked my battery looking for 4g and the S3 even switching to CDMA only auto PRL will freak out sometimes looking for 4G and drain your battery."
"Jury is still out on this phone. It has a pretty good battery life. I needed something for my teenage son who texts, steams musics, and watches many videos a lot. A good battery is essential.  Since my iPhone 5 has the worst battery ever that was not an option.  The problem is that sometimes it does this wierd thing after charging where it does not turn back on without a hard boot (holding power and volume buttons). Verizon sent us a replacement but the new one does it too. It may be a charger problem.  My son likes the phone because it is a huge improvement over the Droid Charge. It has a nice display."
I will upgrade rating if a fix is created for the group E-mail mail function.  I talked to a rep with Motorola who told me when this phone was changed to the jelly bean ( who names these anyway) operating system the ability to create and send a group e-mail was not avail able.  They were not helpful when I asked if a patch was going to be created.  I am disappointed. Stay tuned.......
"Could not really ask for much more in a phone, look and feel is beautiful."
"Other reviewers talked about battery life. I'm getting 8 hours or so on a charge if I actively use it. Good enough. This is my first Android phone, having switched from an iPhone 4. I like Android, like this phone better than my iPhone 4. The voice recognition seems better, it does the expected things of a smart phone well, and feels nice in my hand."
"This is a great phone.  I've had it a couple months now.  Good reception, very long battery life, even though it's not the Maxx model, and never drops Bluetooth connectivity.  I had the predecessor to this, the Droid X, for a couple years, and was very satisfied with it, but moved up to the Razr because it's 4G and a better screen.  It's also faster, of course.  It has a solid, sturdy feel to it, which i like.  I had considered the S3 but was put off with it by some reports of overheating (!) and screen fragility issues.  The Razr is not fragile, as I can attest to."
"I went to my local Verizon store and tried to choose between this one and the Galaxy S3.  This one was a big winner for me because of its sturdy build. The size was nearly the same. The look of the phone wasn't a big seller for me because I was going to buy a case for it anyhow, but its not bad looking. My last phone was a droid x which I  had to replace because the charging port went bad (after 2.5 years)"
Phones nice ..as it should b for 600..battery life only 4 or 5 hours...which sucks..extra battery a must..or else it gets annoying
"Ok, this is very nice ""Phone"", it has very good call quality, 4G speed, snappy action, long battery life and sleek design."
